I WOULD LIKE TO CALL
THIS MEETING TO ORDER AT FOUR
THREE THIS AFTERNOON I&apos;D LIKE
TO THANK EVERYONE FOR JOINING
US AND FIRST TO START, DENISE,
IF YOU DON&apos;T MIND GOING AROUND
AND DOING THE ROLL CALL FOR THE
COMMISSION, THAT WOULD BE
GREAT.
AND BY THE WAY, BEFORE WE DO
START THIS, I DO ASK THAT
ANYONE NOT PRESENTLY SPEAKING
OR GIVING A PRESENTATION THAT
THEY DO THEIR BEST TO MUTE IF
NOT SPEAKING.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
&gt;&gt; AND WE&apos;LL CONTINUE WITH THE
ROLL CALL AFTER AFTERNOON
COMMISSIONER POSTER.
COMMISSIONER MS.
DAMON COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
MATTHEW SOLOMON AND ARBER
WASHTENAW COUNTY US.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU MARTIN.
AND THIS IS CHAIRMAN DAMON.
I WAS A BIT DELAYED ZACH DAMON
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN CHAIRMAN,
THANK YOU COMMISSIONER MOSAAD.
&gt;&gt; GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYBODY.
I&apos;M KATHLEEN MUSAC.
&gt;&gt; I AM A COMMISSIONER AND I&apos;M
IN ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN, VICE
CHAIRMAN OF THE KILLER LADY
KILLER VICE CHAIR COLLEEN FROM
MY FAVORITE RECLINER IN OVER
COMMISSIONER GLASSES.
&gt;&gt; GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
&gt;&gt; ALEX GOSSAGE, COMMISSIONER
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
NELSON ELIZABETH NELSON COUNCIL
LIAISON.
I&apos;M CALLING IN FROM THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR COMMISSIONER BUD
THAT COMMISSIONER CHRISTIANA
ALLEN PIPKIN WILL NOW BE WITH
US TONIGHT.
SHE WAS IN A PEDESTRIAN
ACCIDENT.
&gt;&gt; SHE WILL NOT BE ATTENDING.
THANK YOU AND OUR THOUGHTS GOOD
TO COMMISSIONER ALLEN PIPKIN.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
SO WE DON&apos;T HAVE A QUORUM YET.
YOU WANT TO START?
&gt;&gt; WELL, WE&apos;RE NOT NECESSARILY
ABLE TO APPROVE ANY OF THE
ITEMS IF WE DON&apos;T HAVE A
QUORUM.
SO DENISE, JUST IF YOU DON&apos;T
MIND JUST KEEPING AN EYE ON
THAT AND LETTING US KNOW WHEN
WE DO HAVE A QUORUM THEN WE CAN
GO UP TO THE VOTING AND
APPROVAL ITEMS FOR THE PREVIOUS
MONTHS.
SO I GUESS TO BE CONDUCIVE
OF EVERYONE&apos;S TIME I WOULD LIKE
TO MOVE DOWN TO THE SPECIAL
PRESENTATIONS PORTION OF THE
AGENDA AT THIS TIME AS THAT
DOES NOT REQUIRE ANY VOTE AT
THIS TIME.
SO TO INTRODUCE OUR SPECIAL
PRESENTATIONS TO KICK OFF, I AM
GLAD TO WELCOME AND PARDON ME
IF I BUTCHERED THE LAST NAME
JADA BUT JADA HALBROOK OF THE
DOWNTOWN DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
AND PARKING MANAGER AND THEY&apos;LL
BE TALKING ABOUT THE CURB
MANAGEMENT STUDY.
SO THANK YOU MISS HALBROOK FOR
BEING WITH US THIS AFTERNOON.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
WE APPRECIATE THE OPPORTUNITY
TO SPEAK WITH YOU TODAY.
I&apos;M GOING TO PROVIDE A BRIEF
INTRODUCTION AND THEN TURN IT
OVER TO OUR PROJECT MEMBERS JIM
AND CHRISTY FROM WALKER
CONSULTANTS.
GENERALLY I BELIEVE WHEN YOU
HAVE HEARD FROM THE D.A. BEFORE
IT&apos;S MAYBE BEEN MY COLLEAGUE
AMBER VISITING WITH YOU AND
TALKING ABOUT SOME OF OUR CHIEF
PROJECTS WE LIKE TO THINK ABOUT
THE DEA AS TWO SYSTEMS, A TOUGH
SYSTEM AND A PARKING SYSTEM
BOTH WORKING IN SUPPORT OF THAT
DUTY AND MISSION AND AS FAR
BACK AS TWENTY NINETEEN DDH
STAFF RECOGNIZED THAT ABUSE
WITHIN THE DOWNTOWN AREA WAS
CHANGING AND DEMAND WAS
INCREASING AT THAT TIME MANY
COMMUNITIES HAD BEGUN TO WORK
TO ADDRESS CHANGING NEEDS AT
THE CURB AND TO BE READY TO
ADAPT TO FUTURE NEEDS.
SO WE ENVISIONED A MANAGEMENT
STUDY THAT WOULD BUILD ON THE
WORK OF THIS DOWNTOWN STREET
DESIGN MANUAL AND OTHER CITY
PLANS AND POLICIES THAT WOULD
ALLOW US TO MANAGE ABUSE IN A
MORE EQUITABLE AND INFORMED
WAY.
WE WANTED A STUDY THAT
EMPHASIZED GOALS TO GUIDE
CAREER MANAGEMENT AND
PROGRAMING DECISIONS
PARTICULARLY AS IT RELATES TO
COMMERCIAL DELIVERY AND LOADING
GMC PICKUP AND DROP OFF AND
RECOGNIZING PARKING FOR CARS
AND MOTORCYCLES SO COVID IN A
RELATED REVENUE IMPACTS AND THE
PARKING SYSTEM MEANT THAT WE
HAD TO DELAY OUR PROJECT FOR A
BIT BUT WE&apos;RE PLEASED TO BE
UNDERWAY WITH IT NOW AND WHAT
WE&apos;LL BE SHARING WITH YOU TODAY
IS JUST A HIGH LEVEL AT WHAT WE
PLAN ON ACCOMPLISHING AND
LEARNING WITH A STUDY.
NEXT SLIDE JIM, THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; SO THE MANAGEMENT DOWNTOWN
PARKING SPACE ON A PARKING
AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE CITY AND
THIS MANAGEMENT INCLUDES THE
OFF STREET STRUCTURES AND
LIGHTS AS WELL AS CURB AND
METERED SPACE IN THE PARKING
AREA AND PARKING ENFORCEMENT IS
MANAGED BY THE CITY SITE SO
IT&apos;S DIFFICULT TO SHARE OUR
BOUNTY HUNTERS ZOOM.
BUT I WANTED JUST TO KIND
OF REMIND YOU THAT THERE&apos;S A
BOUNDARY IN THE DOWNTOWN AREA
AND THEN THERE&apos;S WHAT WE CALL A
PARKING AREA THAT WAS
ESTABLISHED AS PART OF THE CITY
PARKING AGREEMENT THAT EXTENDS
OUTSIDE OF THE BOUNDARIES
ESPECIALLY TO THE NORTH A
LITTLE AND THEN SOUTH AS WELL
EXI
WE MANAGE PARKING OUR
PARKING SYSTEM AND SUPPORT
RULES AND PRINCIPLES AND THOSE
COME FROM OUR RENEWAL PLAN AND
ALSO WE BELIEVE IN THE CITY
GOALS ESPECIALLY AROUND
SUSTAINABILITY AND
RESPONSIVENESS TOWARDS
INFRASTRUCTURE ELEMENTS
.
&gt;&gt; SO THE FISCAL YEAR TWENTY
THREE BUDGET ANTICIPATES
PARKING REVENUE COMING IN AT
JUST UNDER TWO MILLION AND I&apos;VE
INCLUDED ON THIS SLIDE AN
EXAMPLE OF SOME OF THE THINGS
THAT WE SPEND.
THOSE FUNDS ARE INCLUDED ARE
REQUIRED
ELEMENTS LIKE
OPERATIONS THAT PAYMENTS AND
THE 20 PERCENT OF THE CITY.
WE ALSO INVEST IN THE LONGEVITY
OF THIS AND POINTS TO THE
ASSETS THROUGH A ROBUST
MAINTENANCE AND RESTORATION
PROGRAM.
AND ADDITIONALLY WE USE PARKING
REVENUE TO SUPPORT A DOWNTOWN
PROGRAM AND SPECIAL EVENTS AND
TO FUND THE CAPEX FOR DOWNTOWN
EMPLOYEES.
SO NOW I&apos;LL TURN IT OVER TO JIM
AND PROCEED TO CONTINUE THE
PRESENTATION AND TALK A LITTLE
BIT MORE ABOUT OUR CURRENT
MANAGEMENT.
&gt;&gt; THANK JADA, APPRECIATE THE
INTRODUCTION THERE AGAIN FOR
THOSE ON THE CALL IS JIM
CORBETT .
I AM WALKER CONSULTANTS
PLANNING OPERATIONS AND
TECHNOLOGY DIRECTOR WITH THE
MUNICIPAL LEADERS ACROSS THE
STATES BASED CURRENTLY IN THE
SOUTHEAST OF US.
I HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF HAVING
CHRISTIE MAZZINI NICHOLS JOIN
ME TODAY ON THE CALL CHRISTIE
OUR NATIONAL LEAD FOR CURB
MANAGEMENT AND NEW MOBILITY FOR
THE FAA ACROSS THE COUNTRY AS
WELL.
OH AND SPEAK HERE IN THE SHORT
WIRE BUT JUST FROM A BRIEF
INTRODUCTION HERE, THIS WAS A
VERY SIMILAR PRESENTATION THAT
WE JUST RECENTLY GAVE TO A
BOARD A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO AND
WE&apos;VE BEEN WE DIDN&apos;T WANT TO
CHANGE THE PRESENTATION BECAUSE
CERTAINLY THIS IS A FROM AN
INFORMATIONAL STANDPOINT IT&apos;S
VERY HIGH LEVEL OF WHAT WE&apos;RE
DOING IN REGARDS TO THE PROJECT
HERE IN ANN ARBOR ONE SECOND
NEAR HERE WE GO LOOK A LITTLE
BIT ABOUT OUR TEAM HERE.
AS I MENTIONED MYSELF AND
CHRIS, THE TWO LEADS HERE WE
ARE THE NATIONAL WE ARE NOW
FIRM WITH LOCAL OFFICE IN ANN
ARBOR.
RICK KLEIN OF COURSE LEADS OUR
OFFICE ON A TEST DRIVE RIGHT IN
TOWN AS WELL.
AND WE&apos;VE GOT A NUMBER
OF DIFFERENT SPECIALISTS THAT
WORK WITH US ON VARIOUS CURB
MANAGEMENT PROJECTS AROUND THE
COUNTRY.
YOU CAN SEE THE VARIOUS WALKER
FOLKS LISTED IN NEW YORK ARE IN
THE THIRD AND FOURTH LINES
THERE.
BUT I REALLY WANTED TO SOME
OF OUR LOCAL MOBILITY PARTNERS
THAT WE&apos;VE EMBRACED TO EXECUTE
THIS PROJECT FOR US HERE WE&apos;RE
WORKING WITH THE EBEYE GROUP
BASED IN MICHIGAN.
THEY WERE ABLE TO ALREADY
COMPLETE A DIGITAL HERB
INVENTORY PRACTICES AND WE HAVE
THAT COMPLETED TODAY.
SO EVERYTHING ABOUT ALL OF YOUR
SIGNS ARE CURB CUTS.
EVERYTHING IN THAT NATURE HAS
ALL BEEN RECORDED DIGITALLY.
WE ALSO ARE PARTNERING WITH
COLLABORATIVE RIGHT IN ANN
ARBOR.
THEY SPECIALIZE IN BIKE LANE
AND TRANSIT AS WELL AND TO
ASSIST WITH OUR CULTURE AND
PUBLIC OUTREACH WE HAVE BECKERT
AND RAYDER ANARCHICAL FARM
BASED RIGHT IN ANN ARBOR.
SO I GUESS WHAT&apos;S THE MOST LIKE
ABOUT US IS THAT WE&apos;VE
CERTAINLY GOT SOME NATIONAL
EXPERTS INVOLVED IN HERE BUT WE
WANT TO BLEND THAT VERY
CAREFULLY AND CONSERVATIVELY
WITH OUR LOCAL EXPERTIZE IN
TOWN AS WELL.
&gt;&gt; SO LET ME TURN IT OVER TO
CHRISTY A LITTLE BIT.
LET HER TALK ABOUT SOME OF THE
WORK WE&apos;VE DONE ALREADY PRIOR
TO ANN ARBOR AS WELL AS A
LITTLE MORE DETAIL ABOUT WHAT
WE&apos;RE GOING TO BE DOING WITH
THE PROJECT.
&gt;&gt; THANKS, JIM.
HI EVERYONE.
AGAIN MY NAME IS CUTTING AND
I&apos;M WALKER IS NATIONAL DIRECTOR
FOR CHROMATIDS AND MOBILITY AND
WE&apos;RE EXCITED TO PARTNER WITH
JADA AND THE D.A. ON THIS
STUDY.
WE&apos;VE DONE SO MUCH WORK ON CURB
MANAGEMENT.
YOU KNOW, WE USED TO DO PARKING
STUDIES.
NOW THERE&apos;S SO MUCH MORE DEMAND
ON THE CURVE THAT WE REALLY
LOOK AT HER MANAGEMENT STUDIES
AND IT WALKER WE&apos;VE BEEN WE&apos;VE
HAD A RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
STUDY THAT WE&apos;VE BEEN WORKING
ON FOR OVER FOUR YEARS TO WORK
WITH CITIES ON COLLECTING
KERBIS DATA SO MILLIONS OF DATA
POINTS ON HOW THE CURVES ARE
BEING USED FROM COMMERCIAL
FREIGHT UBER AND LYFT PARKING
DELIVERY LOTS OF DIFFERENT USES
OF THE CARBON AND WHAT THAT
LOOKS LIKE TODAY BEYOND JUST
PARKING PRIVATE VEHICLES WERE
PILOTING SMART LOADING ZONES
LOOKING AT ALL THE POLICIES AND
STRUCTURES, AGREEMENTS AND
TECHNOLOGY THAT GOES INTO THIS
FUTURE DIGITAL CURVE.
SO WE&apos;RE BRINGING ALL THESE
RESOURCES TO THIS TO THE
COMMUNITY STUDY NEXT SLIDE.
&gt;&gt; SO WE WANT TO WALK THROUGH
THE PROJECT PLAN.
IT&apos;S REALLY BUILDING ON ALL THE
GREAT WORK THAT THE DOWNTOWN
DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY HAS
ALREADY DONE AROUND PEOPLE
FRIENDLY STREETS.
THERE&apos;S ALSO THE STREET DESIGN
MANUAL.
THERE&apos;S BEEN LOTS OF PUBLIC AND
COMMUNITY OUTREACH ALREADY AND
STAKEHOLDER OUTREACH SO WE&apos;RE
BUILDING TAKING THOSE LEARNINGS
AND BUILDING ON THAT OUTREACH
AND THEN WALK THROUGH SOME
OF THE OTHER TASKS THAT WE WILL
BE WORKING ON OVER THE COURSE
OF THE NEXT FEW MONTHS.
SO WE&apos;RE HAVING LIKE I SAID,
THERE&apos;S BEEN A LOT OF GREAT
OUTREACH ALREADY DONE.
WE KNOW THAT THERE&apos;S BEEN
SUPPORT FOR PEOPLE FRIENDLY
STREETS, BIKE LANES.
WE KNOW THERE&apos;S SUPPORT FOR
COMMERCIAL DELIVERY AT
LOCATIONS.
WE KNOW WE NEED TO ENGAGE OTHER
GROUPS WHICH WE&apos;RE DOING TODAY
WITH YOU TO LEARN SPECIFICALLY
ABOUT CHALLENGES YOU&apos;RE FACING
WITH ACCESS TO THE CURB AND
WE&apos;LL BE WORKING OVER THE NEXT
FEW MONTHS WITH MORE SPECIFIC
OUTREACH ACTIVITIES AS WE
DEVELOP PILOTS.
WE&apos;RE RIGHT NOW ANALYZING DATA
WHICH WE&apos;LL TALK ABOUT BUT
EVENTUALLY WE&apos;LL BE WORKING ON
PILOT PROGRAMS AND WE&apos;LL BE
WORKING WITH THE STAKEHOLDERS
AND LOCAL BUSINESSES TO CONDUCT
NEXT AS AS JIM SAID, WE DID
CONDUCT A CURB INVENTORY SO THE
ENTIRE CURB HAS BEEN DIGITIZED
WHICH IS GREAT BECAUSE IN THE
FUTURE AS THE CURVE IS UPDATED
,THOSE REGULATIONS WILL
CHANGE.
THAT WILL ALL BE IN A DIGITAL
INVENTORY AND EASY TO SPEAK
WITH OPERATORS WHO ARE ALSO
LOOKING AT HOW THE THE CURVES
ARE PLANNED.
WE ALSO ARE COLLECTING KERBIS
ACTIVITY DATA IN KOREATOWN ON
LIBERTY STREET ON SOUTH YOUSO
WE ARE COLLECTING DATA OVER THE
COURSE OF THE WEEK ALL DAY LONG
INTO THE EVENING TO REALLY KNOW
LIKE THOSE PICK UPS AND DROP
OFFS, LOTS OF COMMERCIAL
ACTIVITY.
HOW IS THAT HAPPENING?
WHERE ARE THE HOTSPOTS?
AND WE&apos;RE ANALYZING THAT DATA
NOW AND SHOULD BE READY BY THE
END OF THE MONTH.
&gt;&gt; LOOKS LIKE WE&apos;RE ALSO
CONDUCTING AN EXISTING
CONDITIONS ANALYSIS LOOKING AT
ORIGIN AND DESTINATIONS AND HOW
PEOPLE HAVE ACCESS TO THE HOT
HOTSPOTS DOWNTOWN WITHIN THE
VARIOUS COMMUNITIES THROUGHOUT
THE CITY ARE THERE DEFINITELY
DIFFERENT WAYS TO ACCESS
DOWNTOWN BEYOND PARKING SUCH AS
BIKING, WALKING, TRANSIT, WHAT
ARE JUST ALL THE DIFFERENT
OPTIONS AND IN TERMS
OF ACCESSIBLE SPACES, WHAT DOES
ACCESSIBILITY LOOK LIKE
DOWNTOWN?
ARE THERE ENOUGH ACCESSIBLE
SPACES AND THAT&apos;S WHAT WE WANT
YOUR INPUT ON AS WELL TO
UNDERSTAND OUR SPACES IN THE
RIGHT LOCATIONS.
DO WE NEED MORE?
WHAT DOES THAT LOOK LIKE?
NEXT SLIDE WE&apos;LL ALSO CONDUCT A
PRICING ANALYSIS TO LOOK AT
LONG TERM OUR PARKING RATES IN
LINE FOR FUTURE FINANCIAL
FEASIBILITY.
DO WE NEED TO CHARGE FOR OTHER
TYPES OF CURB ACCESS SO THAT
WILL ALL BE DONE IN ANALYSIS IN
TERMS OF OUR EQUITY ANALYSIS
AND PRICING ANALYSIS NEXT
.
&gt;&gt; AND THEN WE WILL ALSO BE
CONDUCTING SOME MANAGEMENT
PILOTS.
LIKE I SAID, WE&apos;RE COLLECTING
DATA WITH ALREADY COLLECTED
DATA IN KOREATOWN AND ON
LIBERTY STREET WE&apos;RE COLLECTING
DATA ON CSU AND THEN WE&apos;RE ONCE
WE HAVE THAT ANALYSIS TO
DETERMINE WHERE DO WE WANT TO
CONDUCT SOME PILOTS AND WHICH
OF THOSE PILOTS SHOULD THEY BE
COMMERCIAL DELIVERY PILOTS,
PASSENGER LOADING ZONES.
AND SO WE WILL AS WE CONNECT
THE PILOTS OBVIOUSLY HAVE A LOT
MORE OUTREACH WITH THE
COMMUNITIES IN THOSE LOCATIONS
SO THAT THEY CAN BE EFFECTIVELY
RUN AND MANAGED.
WE CAN COLLECT GREAT DATA NEXT
SLIDE AND THEN IN THE END WE&apos;LL
CREATE A TOOLKIT BECAUSE
KABBAGE IT IS A GREAT TERM BUT
THERE&apos;S LOTS
OF OPERATIONALIZING MANAGEMENT.
THERE ARE MANY STEPS THAT THE
CITY THE DTA DENHA THE
COMMUNITY DEVELOPERS ALL NEED
TO TAKE TO UNDERSTAND HOW DO
YOU CHANGE OCCUR?
WHAT IS THE NEW REGULATION?
WHAT DOES THAT LOOK LIKE?
SO WE&apos;LL HAVE A VERY CLEAR TOOL
KIT THAT YOU CAN READ AND
UNDERSTAND IT&apos;S GOING TO BE A
LOT JARGON IN ONE HUNDRED
PAGES.
IT WILL BE A NICE GRAPHICALLY
DEPICTING IT GOING FORWARD FOR
HOW TO OPERATIONALIZE A CRIME
MANAGEMENT PLAN.
NEXT SLIDE AND THEN FINALLY
WE&apos;LL HAVE A CURBSIDE PLAN WILL
DEVELOP TYPE TYPOLOGIES BASED
ON LAND USE.
WE&apos;LL HAVE A LOOK AT EQUITY
LIKE I MENTIONED EQUITY IN
TERMS OF HOW PEOPLE HAVE ACCESS
TO THE CURB VERSUS DIFFERENT
AREAS OF THE COMMUNITY AND WHAT
DEMOGRAPHICS OR INCOME LOOKS
LIKE.
WE&apos;LL LOOK AT EQUITY AT THE
CURB IN TERMS OF ARE THERE
ENOUGH SPACES FOR COMMERCIAL
DELIVERY OR ADA OR BIPLANES
THAT THAT TYPE OF EQUITY THE
KERMODE EQUITY AND WE&apos;LL
DEVELOP A FINAL PLAN BASED ON
ALL THAT INPUT AND ANALYSIS.
SO WITH THAT WE WILL OPEN UP
FOR QUESTIONS.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, CHRISTIANE.
FOLKS, I WOULD JUST LIKE TO SAY
THAT YOU KNOW, FOR TIME I&apos;D
LIKE TO LIMIT IT TO THREE OR
FOUR QUESTIONS AT THIS TIME AND
THEN IF THERE ARE ANY
ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS ON MOVING
FORWARD THAT THE COMMISSION
HAVE PERMISSION TO REACH OUT
EITHER TO YOU KRISSIE OR TO UJA
IN TERMS OF YOU NO FURTHER
QUESTIONS REGARDING US.
&gt;&gt; CERTAINLY I CAN SHARE MY
EMAIL WITH YOU SEPARATELY AND
HAPPY TO TAKE QUESTIONS AFTER
THIS.
&gt;&gt; ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL.
THANK.
AND DENISE, I BELIEVE WE HAVE
OUR FIRST QUESTION
IF YOU DO
HAVE A QUESTION AND YOU&apos;D LIKE
TO ASK THAT WITHIN THE
TIMEFRAME THIS TIME PLEASE FEEL
FREE TO RAISE YOUR HAND AND IT
LOOKS LIKE DENISE COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON HAS HIS HAND RAISED.
YES HE DOES.
HI, THANKS FOR THAT
PRESENTATION.
I MADE MY WAY THROUGH SOME
OF THE BUZZWORDS TO GET AT THE
CORE OF YOUR IDEA HERE.
ONE QUESTION I SPECIFICALLY
HAVE IS AROUND THE KIND OF NEXT
TO THE LAST IMAGE YOU SHOWED
ABOUT BICYCLE AND THERE&apos;S BEEN
A TREMENDOUS EMPHASIS ON THIS
COMMUNITY ON BICYCLE AND AS FAR
AS I&apos;M CONCERNED NOT SPEAKING
FOR THE COMMISSION SPEAKING
ONLY FOR MYSELF THAT IS A
ABLEIST MODE OF TRANSPORTATION
AND TO SEE IT SO PRIVILEGED IN
THIS COMMUNITY TIME AND TIME
AGAIN IS TROUBLING AND I DON&apos;T
KNOW IF THAT IS REALLY BEING
THOUGHT ABOUT WHEN THESE PLANS
ARE BEING MADE.
SO I WANTED TO FLAG THAT ALSO
VERY CURIOUS ABOUT THE DATA
ABOUT HANDICAPPED, DISABLED
PARKING, WHETHER WHAT DATA SHOW
IS ABOUT WHETHER OR NOT THAT&apos;S
SUFFICIENT, WHETHER OR NOT IT&apos;S
PLACED STRATEGICALLY FOR THE
BEST USE OF THE DISABLED
COMMUNITY.
SO THOSE ARE REALLY TWO
QUESTIONS.
&gt;&gt; SO I&apos;LL I&apos;LL GET STARTED AND
DEMOCRACY FEEL FREE TO HELP.
BUT AS FAR AS THE BIKE LANE SO
WE ARE LOTS THIS STUDY WILL
ANSWER THAT QUESTION.
SO WHEN THE PLANNING IS DONE
THROUGH OTHER CITY PROJECTS
THAT HELPS MAKE THOSE DECISIONS
ABOUT WHERE BIKE LANES ARE
PLACED, WHAT WE&apos;RE FOCUSING ON
IS WHEN WE THINK OK, THIS IS
FOR SOMETHING OTHER THAN BIKE
LANES THIS IS FOR PARKING AND
LOADING HOW WE DIVIDE UP THAT
SPACE BETWEEN THOSE USES THAT
CHRISTIE MENTIONED.
BUT YOUR COMMENT IS A GOOD ONE
AND I&apos;LL SHARE THAT WITH MY
COLLEAGUES TODAY BECAUSE ALONG
WITH THE CITY WE DO A LOT
OF INFRASTRUCTURE WORK.
SO THAT&apos;S GOOD TO HEAR.
I WILL SHARE THAT WITH THEM FOR
SURE.
AND YOUR SECOND QUESTION WAS
ABOUT THE ACCESSIBLE SPACES AND
WHAT WE DENHA ASKED WALKER TO
HELP US UNDERSTAND HOW OUR
OTHER COMMITTEE OR COMMUNITIES
MAKING DECISIONS ABOUT WHERE
THEY PLACE THE SPACES WE WANT
TO MAKE SURE IS END OF THE
BLOCK NEAR A CURB CUT THE BEST
OPTION IF IT&apos;S IF THERE&apos;S A LOT
OF  AT THE END OF THE BLOCK
THERE.
HOW DO YOU MAKE IT FUNCTIONAL
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BLOCK?
SO THOSE ARE THE KINDS
OF THINGS THAT WE&apos;LL BE
LEARNING FROM THIS AND THAT
WILL HELP US EVALUATE WHAT&apos;S
OUT THERE AND ALSO HELP US WHEN
WE WANT TO AND MORE AT THEM IN
A MORE INFORMED
POSTURE TO
LEARN HOW TO HANDLE.
YEAH, I&apos;M I&apos;M ALSO WONDERING
WHAT WILL BE DONE TO KEEP THE
THE THE TENDENCY ESPECIALLY FOR
DOWNTOWN IN OUR OF RIGHT IS
THAT THEY&apos;RE USING ALL THE
SIDEWALK SPACE AND IT&apos;S VERY
DIFFICULT FOR SUCH AS I WAS A
VISUAL DISABILITY TRYING TO GET
THROUGH THERE WITH A CANE
WIDENING OR MAKING A SPECIAL
MAKING A SPOT WHERE PEOPLE CAN
ACTUALLY GO THROUGH INSTEAD
OF LEAF THROUGH TABLES AND
THERE&apos;S NOTHING NOTHING MORE
UPSETTING WITH TRYING TO GET
THROUGH THAT THAT MOB DOWNTOWN
AND TRY NOT TO LAND YOUR YOUR
OUTPOINT SOMEBODY LOCKED
HERSELF IN
.
THANK YOU.
THAT&apos;S A QUESTION.
IS IT GOING TO BE ANYTHING TO
DO TO MAKE IT MAKE I GUESS I
GUESS THE TERM WOULD BE MAKING
CORRIDORS TO GO THROUGH THERE.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
AND OF COURSE TO GO THROUGH
THOSE TABLES AND WHATNOT MAKE
SURE THAT THOSE ARE LEFT OPEN.
&gt;&gt; SURE.
MR. KEILLER, THAT SIDEWALK
OCCUPANCY PERMIT IS SOMETHING
THAT&apos;S ISSUED THROUGH THE CITY
AND ENFORCED BY THE CITY BUT
WHERE WOULD HAVE A ROLE WITH
OUR WORK?
I BELIEVE IS YOU KNOW, AS WE
SAW DURING COVID AND THEN THE
TIMES SINCE THEN WITH CLOSURES
MORE AND MORE BUSINESSES ARE
WANTING TO EXPAND AND ADD TO
THE SIDEWALK OR INTO THE
PARKING LANE.
SO THAT&apos;S GOOD FEEDBACK AS WE
THINK ABOUT HOW TO LEAVE THOSE
OTHER USES MAYBE NOT EXCESSIVE
BUT OTHER USES INTO THE
WORKPLACE AS WELL
.
COMMISSIONER MOZELIAK HAS A
QUESTION.
YES, THANK YOU AND I COMPLETELY
APPLAUD COMMISSIONER SALIMAN
AND KEYLA FOR THE POINTS THAT
THEY RAISED.
I AGREE WITH THEM FOR ME MYSELF
I&apos;M CONCERNED ABOUT THE
ACCESSIBLE HANDICAPPED SPOTS
MOST PARTICULARLY I HAVE NOT
REALLY HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO
TAKE MY ACCESSIBILITY ON
DOWNTOWN AND CHOOSE NOT TO
BECAUSE IT&apos;S SUCH AS BUT SOME
THINGS I HAVE FOUND OTHER
BUSINESSES OR OTHER CITIES IS
THAT I WILL PULL INTO A
CURBSIDE ACCESSIBLE SPOT, OPEN
UP MY DOOR TO DROP MY MY LEFT
OR MY I HAVE A RAMP ACTUALLY
AND THE RAMP CAN EXTEND BECAUSE
THERE IS A TREE THERE IS THE
THE THE PAYMENTS THING OR
WHATEVER.
SO WHEN YOU&apos;RE LOOKING AT THIS
ACCESSIBLE SPOTS PLEASE KNOW
THAT IT&apos;S NOT JUST FOR SOMEBODY
WHO HAS AMBULATORY ISSUES THAT
MAY NEED A WALKER OR A CANE AND
CAN GET THEIR DRIVER&apos;S SIDE
DOOR TO ACCESS THE SIDEWALK BUT
THEY ALSO MAY NEED TO EXERT ON
THE PASSENGER SIDE OF THE CAR
WITH THEIR RAMP AND THEY NEED
TO BE ABLE TO UNLOAD AND NOT
RUN INTO ANY SORT OF IMPEDIMENT
.
ABSOLUTELY.
IF I DON&apos;T WANT DEMOCRACY YOU
HAVE SOME INFORMATION ABOUT HOW
OTHER CITIES ARE DOING THAT.
I KNOW I HAVE SEEN SOME
COMMUNITIES THAT DO OCCUR ON
THAT SIDE TO MAKE THEM MORE
TRULY FULLY ACCESSIBLE SPACE.
SO I&apos;M GUESSING THAT WILL BE
PART OF WHAT YOU SHARE WITH US
.
YEAH, AND THAT&apos;S PART OF IT
WE&apos;LL LOOK AT IS CAN WE DO A
CURB CUT ON THE PASSENGER SIDE
AND JUST LIKE YOU&apos;RE SAYING,
REMOVE ALL THE STREET FURNITURE
AND REALLY LOOK AT NOT JUST THE
SPACE AT THE CURB BUT INTO THE
SIDEWALK.
WHAT IS ACCESSIBILITY LOOK LIKE
THE WHOLE THE WAY WITHIN THE
SIDEWALKS SPACE?
WELL, ABSOLUTELY AND THANK YOU
ALL FOR YOUR CONTINUED YOUR
CONTINUED EFFORTS IN THIS
PARTICULAR PROJECT.
I THINK IT&apos;S PARAMOUNT AND
OF ACCESSIBILITY GOING FORWARD.
AS YOU BOTH MENTIONED, WHEN YOU
DO THOSE FOCUS GROUPS AND THOSE
PARTICULAR GATHERING OF NUMBERS
AND STATISTICS LATER ON, IT IS
OUR HOPE THAT YOU CAN KEEP THE
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY ISSUES
IN MIND WHEN LOOKING TO GATHER
FURTHER FEEDBACK ON THIS
PARTICULAR DEVELOPMENT.
YES, ABSOLUTELY.
AND WITH YOUR PERMISSION, THEY
WORK TO GET ON YOUR AGENDA AT
SOME POINT AGAIN IN THE FUTURE
WITH AN UPDATE OR IF WE REALLY
START TO HAVE SOME CONCRETE
THINGS THAT WE&apos;D LIKE YOU TO
RESPOND TO.
SO AGAIN, I REALLY APPRECIATE
THE TIME TODAY.
I&apos;VE TAKEN SOME NOTES AND I&apos;LL
I&apos;LL CONNECT WITH JIM AND
CHRISTY AND MY OTHER COLLEAGUES
HERE AT THE DEBATE TO FOLLOW UP
.
WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I JUST WANTED TO OFFER IT DOES
ANY OTHER COMMISSIONER HAVE ANY
OTHER COMMENTS BEFORE WE MOVE
FORWARD?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU AGAIN ALL FOR
YOUR EFFORTS AND WE DO
APPRECIATE YOUR TIME TODAY.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
HAVE A GREAT AFTERNOON.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU.
MOVING FORWARD I JUST WANTED TO
ASK DENISE DENISE DID WE HAVE
ANY OTHER COMMISSIONERS JOIN AT
THIS TIME?
&gt;&gt; DO WE STILL NOT HAVE A
QUORUM?
NO OTHER COMMISSIONERS JOIN.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
NO OTHER COMMISSIONERS HAVE
JOINED AT THIS TIME SO STILL NO
PROBLEM.
BEFORE WE MOVE ON TO OUR
PRESENTATIONS, I REALIZE I
SKIPPED OVER THE PUBLIC
COMMENTS SO I JUST WANTED TO
REACH OUT TO THOSE VIEWING THE
MEETING TODAY AND SEE IF THERE
WERE ANY VIEWERS OR PEOPLE
WATCHING THE MEETING TODAY LIVE
IF THEY WANTED TO CHIME IN FOR
ANY TYPE OF PUBLIC COMMENT AT
THIS TIME.
AGAIN, YOU CAN DO SO BY
VISITING ONLINE AT EIGHT TWO
DOGS WATCH CTM AND TO SPEAK AT
THE PUBLIC COMMENTS YOU CAN
CALL THE NUMBER EIGHT SEVEN
SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO
FOUR SEVEN OR EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT
SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT ZERO ZERO
NINE NINE AN INTERMEETING ID
NINE ONE NINE EIGHT SIX SEVEN
THREE ONE FOUR FIVE FIVE.
SO PLEASE DO SO AT THIS TIME
WE&apos;LL GIVE YOU JUST A BRIEF
TIME TO DO SO.
I DON&apos;T HAVE ANYONE PRESENTLY.
THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE THAT
WE GAVE PUBLIC COMMENT.
IT&apos;S DUE OPPORTUNITY MOVING
FORWARD ON TO OUR SPECIAL
PRESENTATIONS I&apos;D LIKE TO MOVE
ON TO THE PRESENTATION FOR THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND PHYSICALLY DISABLED WITH
KATIE MILANKOVITCH.
&gt;&gt; SO WELCOME KATIE.
HI EVERYONE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HAVING ME
.
IT&apos;S GOOD TO BE HERE.
I WANT TO TELL YOU ABOUT SOME
EVENTS THAT WE HAVE COMING UP
AT THE LIBRARY
AND I WAS JUST
LOOKING AT AND THERE ARE JUST A
TON OF EVENTS COMING THIS FALL
SO BE SURE TO CHECK OUT THE
CALENDAR DALGLIESH EVENTS.
IT SEEMS LIKE WE&apos;RE GETTING
BACK TO REGULAR TIMES.
IT&apos;S REALLY NICE TO BE ABLE TO
LOOK AT THAT FULL CALENDAR SO I
DEFINITELY ENCOURAGE YOU TO
CHECK IT OUT.
BUT HERE ARE SOME HIGHLIGHTS.
WE HAVE A SENSORY FRIENDLY
STORY TIME COMING UP ON
SATURDAY, OCTOBER EIGHT FROM 10
A.M. TO 11 A.M. AT THE WEST
GATE RANCH.
THIS IS FOR AGES THREE TO SEVEN
AND THIS IS A SPECIAL STORYTIME
THAT INCLUDES TWENTY MINUTES
OF INTERACTIVE STORIES, RYMES
AND MOVEMENT PLUS FORTY MINUTES
OF ADAPTIVE FREEPLAY AND THIS
EVENT IS DESIGNED FOR YOUNG
LISTENERS.
&gt;&gt; YOU&apos;LL FIND OUR OTHER STORY
TIMES OVERWHELMING.
WE ALSO HAVE HEALING WITH
POETRY AND JOURNALING WITH
LESLIE MCGRAW ON SATURDAY
OCTOBER FIFTEENTH FROM ONE TO
TWO THIRTY PM AT THE WEST GATE
BRANCH WILL BE JOINING POET AND
PRESENTER LESLIE MCGRAW FOR AN
HOUR AND A HALF LONG WORKSHOP
TO LEARN ABOUT VARIOUS
JOURNALING TECHNIQUES HOW TO
MINE JOURNALS FOR PATTERNS,
POEMS AND STORIES, HOW TO
REVIEW POEMS FOR CONNECTION AS
OPPOSED TO SCHOLARLY REVIEW AND
ENGAGE IN A COUPLE OF GUIDED
REFLECTIONS.
PARTICIPANTS MAY BRING THEIR
OWN NOTEBOOK OR JOURNAL AND
SOMETHING TO WRITE WITH BUT WE
WILL ALSO PROVIDE MATERIALS AT
THIS EVENT AND THEN WE ARE
HAVING EXPLORING THE MIND
PSYCHIATRIC DISORDERS AMONG
LGBTQ PLUS PEOPLE WHAT IT MEANS
TO BE A MINORITIES&apos; HUMAN AND
THAT&apos;S MONDAY, OCTOBER 17TH
FROM SIX TO SEVEN P.M. AND
THAT&apos;LL BE AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY.
&gt;&gt; CRAIG RODRIGUEZ SAY HIS
ASSISTANT PROFESSOR
OF PSYCHOLOGY WILL PRESENT SOME
OF HIS LATEST RESEARCH.
DR. RODRIGUEZ SAWHORSES
RESEARCH INTERESTS LIE IN ONE
UNDERSTANDING THE NATURE
OF PSYCHOPATHOLOGY AND TO
INVESTIGATING THE WAYS IN WHICH
STIGMA DESCRIBING ASIAN AND
MARGINALIZATION IMPACT THE
MANIFESTATION ASSESSMENT
CONCEPTUALIZATION AND TREATMENT
OF PSYCHOPATHOLOGY.
MORE INFORMATION ABOUT HIS
RESEARCH FOCUSED BE FOUND ON
HIS LAB WEBSITE WHICH IS THE
STIGMA PSYCHOPATH BIOLOGY AND
ASSESSMENT OR SPLATT LAB AND OK
TO TALK MORE ABOUT SOME OF THE
MATERIALS THAT WE HAVE BEFORE
YOU GET INTO THAT, I JUST WANT
TO REMIND PEOPLE THAT WASHTENAW
LIBRARY THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED PATRONS CAN ORDER
DIGITAL CARTRIDGES BY CALLING
US AT SEVEN THREE FOUR THREE
TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO TO FOUR OR
YOU CAN EMAIL US AWOL THE P D
AT A D L DOUG AND TO SIGN UP
FOR THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO
READING SERVICE CALLED BAADE
YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS
TO SIGN UP FOR THAT YOU CAN
VISIT THEIR WEBSITE AND BAADE
LLC DOT GOV OR JUST CALL US AND
WE CAN HELP YOU GET TO THAT
WEBSITE OR ASSIST YOU WITH THE
APPLICATION.
&gt;&gt; A COUPLE OF BOOKS THAT HAVE
RECENTLY BEEN ADDED TO BARD ARE
SMASHING STATUES THE RISE AND
FALL OF AMERICA&apos;S PUBLIC
MONUMENTS BY AARON L. THOMPSON
AND URGENT AND FRACTIOUS
NATIONAL DEBATE OVER PUBLIC
MONUMENTS HAS ERUPTED IN
AMERICA.
SOME PEOPLE RISK IMPRISONMENT
TO TEAR DOWN LONG IGNORED HUNKS
OF MARBLE.
OTHERS FORM ARMED PATROLS TO
DEFEND THEM.
WHY DO WE CARE SO MUCH ABOUT
STATUES AND WHO GETS TO DECIDE
WHICH ONE SHOULD STAY UP AND
WHICH ONES SHOULD COME DOWN?
HOW TO WRITE A MYSTERY A
HANDBOOK FOR MYSTERY WRITERS
OF AMERICA BY LAURIE OUR KING
AND LEE CHILD GUIDE TO WRITING
MYSTERIES COMPILED BY THE
WRITING ORGANIZATION DEDICATED
TO THE GENRE COMPRISING ESSAYS
BY PRACTICING AUTHORS INCLUDING
CRAIG JOHNSON, ALLISON BRENIN,
CAROLINE AND CHARLES TODD,
RACHEL HOUSEL HALL AND TESS
GERRITSEN.
TOPICS INCLUDE CRAFT ISSUES
DISTINGUISHING BETWEEN SUBJECTS
SUCH SUBGENRES AND PUBLISHING
YOUR WORK.
AND FINALLY FLYGIRL A MEMOIR BY
AN HUDD AND ENTERTAINING AND
FASCINATING MEMOIR OF GIFTED
STORYTELLER MANHOOD&apos;S
ADVENTUROUS YEARS AS A TEEN A
FLIGHT ATTENDANT IN NINETEEN
SEVENTY EIGHT IN THE TAIL END
OF THE GOLDEN AGE OF AIR TRAVEL
,FLIGHT ATTENDANTS WERE THE
EPITOME OF GLAMOR AND
SOPHISTICATION FRESH OUT
OF COLLEGE AND HUNGRY TO
EXPERIENCE THE WORLD AND MAYBE
ONE DAY WRITE ABOUT IT AND JOIN
THEIR RANKS AFTER A GRUELING
JOB SEARCH HAD SURVIVED, TWA&apos;S
RIGOROUS RIGOROUS BREACH
TRAINING ACADEMY AND LEARNED TO
EVACUATE SEVEN KINDS
OF AIRCRAFT DELIVER A BABY,
MAKES PROPER COCKTAILS,
ADMINISTER OXYGEN AND STAY CALM
NO MATTER WHAT THE SITUATION IN
THE AIR.
HOOD FOUND BOTH THE ADVENTURER
SHE DREAMT OF AND THE
UNEXPECTED REALITIES OF LIFE ON
A JOB.
AND THAT IS ALL THAT I HAVE
TODAY.
&gt;&gt; DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS FOR ME?
YES, COMMISSIONER KEN MILLER
HAS A QUESTION.
&gt;&gt; SO COMMISSIONER MOZELIAK GO
AHEAD QUESTIONING THE QUESTION
OF THE COMMENT THE COMMENT IS
I&apos;VE HURT I&apos;VE NOTICED OVER THE
SUMMER THEY&apos;RE EITHER DIRECTLY
OR INDIRECTLY REFER TO A FAIR
AMOUNT OF PEOPLE TO GET TO THE
LIBRARY SERVICE AND THEY LOVE
IT.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S THE COMMENT.
&gt;&gt; THEY LOVE IT AND THE
QUESTION IS WHAT&apos;S UP WITH
BARD?
THEY&apos;VE ONLY PUT MAYBE TWENTY
BOOKS TITLES IN THE LAST TWO OR
THREE WEEKS.
&gt;&gt; MAY I HAVE IS THAT IS IT
JUST BECAUSE THEY&apos;RE NOT
STAFFED WELL OR IS IT BECAUSE
THERE IS NOT GETTING ENOUGH
STUFF?
&gt;&gt; YOU KNOW I HEARD SOMETHING
ABOUT THIS A COUPLE OF MONTHS
GO ABOUT THEM BEING A LITTLE
BIT SLOW AND THEN IT PICKED UP
AGAIN.
SO I&apos;M WONDERING IF THEY&apos;RE
JUST GOING THROUGH ANOTHER
PERIOD WHERE IT&apos;S A LITTLE BIT
SLOW.
I DO KNOW THE WEBSITE HAS BEEN
DOWN SPORADICALLY RECENTLY SO I
GOT TO SAY I DON&apos;T HAVE ONE
HUNDRED PERCENT YEAR ANSWER FOR
YOU, LARRY.
BUT IF YOU NOTICE IN ANOTHER
MONTH THAT THE THE BOOKS ARE
STILL REALLY BEING SLOWLY ADDED
TO THE WEBSITE, WHY DON&apos;T YOU
SHOOT ME AN EMAIL AND I CAN
INVESTIGATE THAT FOR YOU?
&gt;&gt; I WILL BECAUSE I&apos;M OUT THERE
ALL THE TIME ACTUALLY.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, I CAN LOOK INTO IT FOR
SURE BUT GIVE IT LIKE A COUPLE
OF WEEKS AND LET ME KNOW IF
IT&apos;S STILL HAPPENING.
&gt;&gt; OK, I&apos;M JUST CURIOUS ABOUT
WHAT&apos;S GOING ON WITH IT IF IT&apos;S
BEEN UNDERSTAFFED OR SOMETHING
YOU KNOW.
&gt;&gt; YEAH I&apos;M NOT SURE
IS IT WAS
A SO MY QUESTION IS WITH THE
WITH THE THINGS THAT WE&apos;RE
TALKING ABOUT AT THE BEGINNING
WITH REGARDS TO ATTENDING YOUR
CURRENT EVENTS AND WITH PEOPLE
STILL BEING IMMUNOCOMPROMISED
ARE STILL GOING UP AND DOWN ON
THE HIGHEST AND LOWEST HERE IN
AN HOUR OPEN AND ALL OF THAT.
&gt;&gt; ARE YOU GOING TO OFFER AN
OPTION WHERE IT CAN BE VIEWED
ONLINE OR WILL YOU RECORDED AND
POST LATER?
JUST I&apos;M CONCERNED SO I TOTALLY
VALID CONCERN THAT I DO THINK
THAT THAT DEPENDS ON THE EVENT.
I KNOW WE ARE STILL DOING SOME
THINGS THAT ARE ZOOME WE
DEFINITELY HAVE THOSE AS AN
OPTION AND I THINK IT DEPENDS
ON THE PRESENTER WHETHER OR NOT
WE END UP RECORDING THINGS THAT
ARE DONE IN PERSON GENERALLY.
SO THERE ARE A COUPLE
OF DIFFERENT THINGS THAT GO
INTO THAT DECISION BUT I WOULD
DEFINITELY IF YOU&apos;RE CONCERNED
ABOUT COMING TO THE LIBRARY,
CHECK OUT WHAT WE&apos;RE STILL
DOING ON ZOOME BECAUSE WE DO
HAVE IS STILL A PRETTY GOOD
PROGRAM LINE THERE AS WELL AS
AN ALTERNATIVE AND OF THEM MORE
OR LESS JUST TO OUT WHAT
KATHLEEN SAID, WHICH IS YOU
KNOW, THAT JOURNALING
PRESENTATION SOUNDED REALLY
INTERESTING AND INTRIGUING BUT
I DON&apos;T KNOW IF I WANT TO BE IN
A ROOM WITH GIVEN THE
MEDICATION THAT I&apos;M ON, I DON&apos;T
KNOW IF I WANT TO BE IN A ROOM
WITH A BUNCH OF FOLKS.
&gt;&gt; I DON&apos;T KNOW THEIR STORY SO
YEAH, JUST IF YOU COULD KIND
OF JUST SHARE THAT WITH
CO ORGANIZERS LIKE HYBRID
EVENTS YOU KNOW ESPECIALLY CAN
BE ENJOYED ASYNCHRONOUSLY.
YOU&apos;RE GOING TO GET MORE EYES
ON IT.
SO JUST THE THOUGHT AND YEAH
DEPENDING ON WHAT
INFRASTRUCTURE IS THERE I WOULD
URGE YOU TO THINK FORWARD
HYBRID.
ABSOLUTELY.
I APPRECIATE BOTH OF YOUR
COMMENTS AND WE&apos;LL DEFINITELY
PASS THEM ALONG TO OUR
ADMINISTRATION FOR SURE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS FOR KATIE AT
THIS TIME?
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, KATIE, AS ALWAYS, I&apos;D
LIKE TO THANK YOU AND THE ANN
ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY STAFF
FOR EVERYTHING THAT YOU DO.
WE&apos;RE VERY, VERY GRATEFUL AND
JUST THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR
EFFORTS.
&gt;&gt; WELL, YOU&apos;RE WELCOME AND
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR
HAVING ME AS ALWAYS.
IT&apos;S SO WONDERFUL TO BE HERE.
&gt;&gt; WE&apos;LL SEE YOU NEXT TIME.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; OK, I&apos;M SORRY.
&gt;&gt; JOIN THE MEETING.
GO AHEAD, DENNIS.
I&apos;M SORRY YOU GOT CUT OFF.
WHAT WAS THAT I&apos;M SORRY
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS IS DOING
AT OUR MEETING.
&gt;&gt; WE HAVE A WONDERFUL MY
APOLOGIES FOR THE DELAY.
I HAD A PATIENT MATTER THAT
TOOK A LOT LONGER THAN I
THOUGHT IT WOULD SO THANK YOU
GUYS.
NO PROBLEM.
WE WERE JUST IN THE
PRESENTATION PORTION OF THE
AGENDA BUT I HOPE THAT MISS
BLAIR AND
THE ANN ARBOR CENTER
FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING IF THEY
DON&apos;T MIND BECAUSE WE DO HAVE A
QUORUM I&apos;D LIKE TO GO UP TO OUR
HIGHER APPROVAL ITEMS AND OUR
VOTING ITEMS REALLY QUICKLY SO
THAT THOSE ARE RECORDED AND
WE&apos;RE ABLE TO APPROVE THOSE
BECAUSE THAT I THINK IS IS
PARAMOUNT.
SO I HOPE THAT&apos;S OK WITH
EVERYONE.
BUT FIRST I&apos;D LIKE TO JUST GET
A MOTION TO APPROVE TODAY&apos;S
AGENDA.
I KNOW WHERE WE WERE GOING
THROUGH THE AGENDA AND SORT
OF TRYING TO MOVE FORWARD BUT
IS THERE MOTION TO APPROVE THE
AGENDA AND IS THERE A SECOND
I&apos;LL MOVE TO APPROVE.
ALL RIGHT.
LARRY MOVES TO APPROVE.
IS THERE A SECOND OK, KATHLEEN
SECONDS.
ALL RIGHT.
I&apos;M ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TODAY&apos;S AGENDA.
IF YOU COULD JUST ON MUTE AND
SAY I I WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU ALL I DO APPRECIATE
THAT BY NEXT WE HAVE THE
APPROVAL OF THE MEETING MINUTES
AND THAT HAS BEEN PUT IN OUR
AGENDA TODAY.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO BE APPROVING
BOTH THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
MAY AND JUNE AND OF COURSE
THERE ARE DIRECT LINKS TO THOSE
MINUTES.
SO I JUST WANT TO GIVE OUR
COMMISSIONERS A COUPLE OF I&apos;M
NO ONE INTENDED BUT A COUPLE
OF MINUTES TO REVIEW THOSE
MINUTES IF THERE ARE ANY
CORRECTIONS TO BE MADE IN THOSE
BEFORE APPROVAL, PLEASE LET US
KNOW AT THIS TIME.
I&apos;LL GIVE YOU A COUPLE
OF MINUTES TO DO THAT AND THEN
WILL MAKE A MOTION.
I HAVE A QUICK QUESTION FOR
DENISE.
WOULD THAT BE RIGHT, DEAR?
MY QUESTION IS ON THE AGENDA
WHEN I CLICK ON TO SEE CERTAIN
REPORTS IT TOOK ME TO THE CITY
WEBSITE.
I WOULD CLICK ON THE REPORT AND
WOULD NOT SHOW ME THE REPORT OR
WHAT I WAS TRYING TO DO WOULD
ASK ME TO SIGN IN.
I DON&apos;T KNOW HOW TO DO THAT AND
I DON&apos;T OH YOU PLEASE TELL ME
IF YOU CAN WORK LINK THAT
.
SORRY I WAS TRYING TO LOOK AT
THE CFTC SO I CLICKED ON THE
LINK FOR LET&apos;S SAY JUNE,
AUGUST, JULY AND WHEN I CLICKED
IT ON IT TOOK ME TO THE CITY
AND OUR OF AND THEN IT SHOWED
ME THE REPORTS AND THEN YOU
COULD CLICK ON THE REPORT YOU
WANTED AND WHEN I CLICKED IT ON
I GOT THE WHEEL OF DEATH AND I
GOT A LITTLE BLUE BOX THAT SAID
SIGN IN NO REPLY TO CHECK THAT
OUT.
THAT SHOULDN&apos;T HAVE HAPPENED.
I DON&apos;T KNOW WHY THAT HAPPENED.
RED THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
MOISSAC.
THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S IMPORTANT TO
NOTE.
AND DENISE, I DO APPRECIATE
YOUR EFFORTS.
I THINK THOSE LINKS ARE HELPFUL
WHEN THEY DO WORK.
SO I THANK YOU FOR THAT AND
THANK YOU DENISE OR KATHLEEN
FOR BRINGING THAT TO OUR
ATTENTION.
WE DO APPRECIATE IT.
OK, SO AT THIS POINT DO WE HAVE
A MOTION TO APPROVE THE VOTE
MAY AND JUNE MEETING MINUTES
TO
MOVED OK SO MOVE IS SECONDED.
ALL RIGHT, LARRY.
SECONDS ALL IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING THE MAY AND JUNE
MEETING MINUTES FOR THE
COMMISSION IF IN FAVOR PLEASE
ON MUTE AND SAY I BY ALL RIGHTS
APPROVE.
THANK YOU ALL.
I DO APPRECIATE DO APPRECIATE
THAT WITH THAT WE CAN NOW MOVE
BACK TO OUR CURRENT AGENDA ITEM
WHICH IS THE PRESENTATION BY
MR. BLAIR WITH THE CENTER FOR
INDEPENDENT LIVING.
SO WELCOME JOY.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
GREAT EVENING EVERYONE.
EVENING ME AND A DIFFERENT KIND
OF LIVING IS BEGINNING A NEW
SOCIAL GROUP CALLED THE ORIO
CLUB.
IT&apos;S AN ORGANIZED RECREATIONAL
EATING AND DISCUSSION.
IT IS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK IT&apos;S ABOUT?
IT&apos;S ABOUT EATING TOGETHER AND
TALKING ABOUT COOKIES AND
PEOPLE CAN PICK UP FROM THE
CENTER.
THEY CAN PICK UP A PACKAGE
OF COOKIES AND MILK WILL CREATE
OREO THEMED ARTWORK AND
COLLABORATE ON A CUSTOMIZED
OREO ORDER TO SHARE.
THERE WILL BE A DIFFERENT
FLAVOR EACH MONTH AND IT&apos;S A
WAY TO CONNECT WITH OTHER
PEOPLE AND ENGAGE IN GREAT
DISCUSSIONS.
THE FIRST MEETING WILL BE THIS
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER TWENTY THIRD
FROM THREE TO FOUR P.M. AND
OREO CLUB MEETS ON THE THIRD
FRIDAY OF EVERY MONTH VIRTUALLY
FIRE ZONE.
ALL OF THE EVENTS THAT I&apos;M
GOING TO ANNOUNCE AFTERNOON ARE
ACCESSIBLE THROUGH OUR WEBSITE
AT THE V W W THAT A SEATTLE DOG
,THE PERSON THAT IS THE
COORDINATOR FOR THIS GROUP IS
CLAIRE MOORE AND SHE CAN BE
REACHED AT C AM O O R E AND A
CIO DOUG, THE NEXT SORT OF NEW
SUPPORT GROUP IS YOUR WORLD
NAVIGATING LIFE BLINDNESS AND
LOW VISION.
WE&apos;RE THIS GROUP IS A WELCOMING
DISCUSSION GROUP FOR PEOPLE WHO
ARE BLIND OR EXPERIENCING
VISION LOSS TOPICS WILL BE
PARTICIPANT DRIVEN AND SESSIONS
WILL EMPOWER GROUP MEMBERS TO
EMBRACE THEIR SELF IDENTITIES
AND INDIVIDUALITY.
PEOPLE WITH LOW VISION WHILE
STRENGTHENING BELONGING AND
COMMUNITY INCLUSION GROUP
FACILITATORS ARE PROFESSIONALS
FROM A WIDE RANGE
OF BACKGROUNDS WHO EXPERIENCE
BLINDNESS OR VISION LOSS.
ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT
WILL BE AVAILABLE.
THE NEXT MEETING IS WEDNESDAY,
OCTOBER THE 5TH AT 12:00 NOON.
THE GROUP MEETS ON THE FIRST
WEDNESDAY OF EVERY MONTH AT
12:00 NOON TO RSVP CALL THE
CENTER AT SEVEN THREE FOUR NINE
SEVEN ONE ZERO TWO SEVEN SEVEN
AND ASK FOR RENEA OR EMAIL R E
C H O L.
S AT EIGHT A SILKEBORG THE NEXT
SUPPORT GROUP I&apos;D LIKE TO
ANNOUNCE SAFE CONNECTIONS SAFE
CONNECTIONS IS THE CEOS TO
DISCUSS IN GROUP FOR THOSE
PEOPLE EXPERIENCING TOXIC OR
UNHEALTHY RELATIONSHIPS YOU CAN
JOIN THIS GROUP FOR SAFE TALK
ABOUT MAKING RELATIONSHIPS
POSITIVE AND HEALTHY AND IT IS
GEARED TOWARD PEOPLE WITH
INTELLECTUAL OR DEVELOPMENTAL
DISABILITIES THINGS ARE
DISCUSSED ARE MAKING BETTER
DECISIONS WITH DATING AND
RELATIONSHIPS, IDEAS TO MAKE
YOUR RELATIONSHIPS POSITIVE AND
IMPROVING YOUR COMMUNICATION
ABOUT SEX AND GENDER IDENTITY
AND EXPRESSION.
THIS GROUP MEETS WEDNESDAYS SIX
TO EIGHT P.M. THROUGH NOVEMBER
THE 2ND.
TWENTY TWENTY TWO YOU MUST BE
EIGHTEEN OR OLDER WITH AN
INTELLECTUAL OR DEVELOPMENTAL
DISABILITY TO PARTICIPATE.
THE GROUP IS LED BY THREE STAFF
MEMBER SHANNON CLARK IS THE
BULLOCK AND KATY OSWALD FOR
INFORMATION EMAIL IS HE AT?
I BE U L L O K AT A SEA ORG
NEXT WE HAVE A VIRTUAL MOVIE
CLUB WHERE PEOPLE CAN WATCH A
MOVIE AND THEN HAVE A
CONVERSATION AND IT&apos;S GEARED
TOWARD JUST ENCOURAGING PEOPLE
SITTING AT BLUES.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
EACH WEEK A MOVIE IS WATCHED ON
YOUR OWN TIME AND THEN THE CLUB
GETS TOGETHER VIRTUALLY TO TALK
ABOUT IT AND HAVE FUN.
IT&apos;S THAT EASY MOVIE CLUB
SESSIONS AND FOOD TRIVIA AND
THOUGHT PROVOKING QUESTIONS AND
LOTS OF LAUGHTER THIS GROUP
MEETS THURSDAYS FOUR TO FIVE PM
AND THE WEEK OF TOMORROW IS THE
NEXT MEETING.
THE MOVIE WILL BE PAN THE WEEK
OF SEPTEMBER TWENTY NINE THE
MOVIE COME ON BREAK IS ON BREAK
THAT WEEK AND THEN THE WEEK
OF OCTOBER SIX ARE BABY
BABYSITTER&apos;S GUIDE TO MONSTER
HUNTING.
FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE
RSVP TO ANNA RSVP TO ANNA AT
EIGHT A.M. DOG THE SNAIL HAS
OUR PROGRAM IN PERSON AND
ONLINE JOIN FOR ART IN A
RELAXED SOCIAL ENVIRONMENT
ROTATING THROUGH DIFFERENT
MEDIA WE EXPLORE NEW MATERIALS
AND TECHNIQUES IN A GUIDED
MANNER.
NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE IS
NECESSARY WHETHER YOU&apos;RE
JOINING ONLINE FROM HOME OR IN
PERSON THERE IS NO SPECIAL
EQUIPMENT OR SUPPLIES NEEDED.
THE CIO WILL MAKE SURE YOU HAVE
EVERYTHING THAT IS NEEDED IN
PERSON.
ART CLASS HAPPENS ON MONDAYS
ONE THIRTY TO THREE THIRTY P.M.
AT THE CENTER AND THAT&apos;S THREE
NINE FOUR ONE RESEARCH PARK
DRIVE AN HOUR FOUR EIGHT ONE
ZERO EIGHT THE THESE THAT I
HAVE IN FRONT OF ME HAVE
ALREADY PASSED BUT MONDAY&apos;S ONE
THIRTY TO THREE THIRTY IN
PERSON VIRTUAL ART CLASS ARE
TUESDAYS ONE THIRTY TO THREE
AND OPEN STUDIO WHERE YOU CAN
HAVE YOUR OWN CREATIVITY ON
THURSDAY ONE THIRTY TO THREE
P.M. AND THAT ONE IS VIRTUAL AS
WELL.
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT
CLAREMORE AT SEA MORE M O R E A
CIO DOUG
TRIVIA TUESDAYS MORE
ARTS AND RECREATION GET SILLY
GET GOOFY AND MOST OF ALL PUT
ON YOUR THINKING CAP EVERY
TUESDAY WE GET TOGETHER TO PLAY
TRIVIA WHETHER YOU LIKE EASY
QUESTIONS OR THE TOUGH ONES
JOIN US FOR SOME TUESDAY FUN.
WE ALSO TALK ABOUT IDEAS AND
SOLUTIONS AND PROBLEM SOLVING
FOR WHATEVER USABILITY RELATED
CHALLENGES A PERSON MAY HAVE ON
ZUNE PARTICIPATE ONLINE OR BY
PHONE.
IT HAPPENS TUESDAYS ONE THIRTY
TO TWO THIRTY P.M. FOR MORE
INFORMATION EMAIL ANAR AT ACBL
OR A AND A HOW HER NAME IS
SPELLED BE ACTIVE AT HOME
SPIRIT CLUB INCLUSIVE FITNESS
ON ZOOME ARE YOU LOOKING TO
STAY ACTIVE AT HOME AND CONNECT
WITH OTHERS?
OUR FITNESS CLUB ON ZUNE
WELCOME TO ALL ABILITIES WITH
THREE DIFFERENT ADAPTATIONS
OF EXERCISES ALL ON ONE SCREEN.
PARTICIPANTS ARE WELCOME TO DO
THE WORKOUT PRESENTED OR MODIFY
IT AS THEY ARE COMFORTABLE FOR
THE FALL.
THE FALL SEASON STARTED ON
SEPTEMBER THE TWELFTH AND THE
GROUP MEETS MONDAYS AND
WEDNESDAYS FOUR TO FIVE P.M.
NEXT IS MONDAY SEPTEMBER TWENTY
SIX THAT DAY THAT DAY WILL BE
YOGA AND THEN ON THE TWENTY
EIGHTH WILL BE CARDIO FITNESS.
FOR MORE INFORMATION EMAIL MARK
CHIM&apos;S AT M H Y M E S AND A CIO
DOUG THE SPINAL CORD INJURY
VIRTUAL MEETUP GROUP MEETS ON
TUESDAY OCTOBER 11 12 TO ONE
THIRTY NEXT THIS IS FOR PEOPLE
LIVING WITH A SPINAL CORD
INJURY AND IT CAN BE AN
ENCOURAGING GROUP AND PEER
SUPPORT FOR TACKLING YOUR OWN
NEEDS AND PROVIDING HELP AND
ADVICE TO OTHERS.
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT
TOM TLM AT A OLG THE DISABILITY
COMMUNITY ACTION LAB OR DICLE
MOST RECENTLY MET TODAY.
DEKALB IS AN ADVOCACY GROUP AND
WE HAVE DISCUSSIONS ABOUT
IMPORTANT ISSUES FACING THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY.
IT IS A COLLABORATIVE GROUP
THAT TAKES ACTION ON ISSUES
THAT THAT ARE CURRENT TODAY WE
TALKED ABOUT HOME AND COMMUNITY
BASED SERVICES.
IN THIS PROGRAM YOU WILL
CONNECT WITH OTHERS WHO CARE
ABOUT SIMILAR ISSUES AND
DEVELOP PLANS TO MAKE A
DIFFERENCE IN ADVOCACY BY
ADVOCATING FOR OTHERS.
THE THIRD WEDNESDAY OF EVERY
MONTH IS WHEN THIS GROUP MEETS
TWELVE TO ONE THIRTY PM NEXT
MEETING IS OCTOBER 19TH TWENTY
TWENTY TWO FROM 12 TO ONE
THIRTY PM.
FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE
EMAIL ELLIOTT CARTER AT E C A R
T E R AT A CIO ORG
AND THERE&apos;S
ONE OTHER GROUP THAT I WANT TO
ANNOUNCE AND THAT IS THE
MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS GROUP.
JUST A MOMENT
.
IT&apos;S A SUPPORT GROUP RUN BY
JODY BURTON SLOGAN&apos;S A MEMBER
OF THE COMMUNITY AND THAT GROUP
MEETS VIRTUALLY ON MONDAYS
SEVEN TO EIGHT THIRTY PM JODY
CAN BE REACHED AT SEVEN THREE
FOUR SIX SIX THREE ZERO SEVEN
EIGHT FIVE AND THAT CONCLUDES
ACTIVITIES ANNOUNCEMENTS FOR
THE ANN ARBOR CENTER FOR
INDEPENDENT LIVING.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, MISS BLAIR.
QUITE A BIT GOING ON AT THE
HOME AWAY FROM HOME ACTIVITIES
AND THE COMMUNITY AMAZING,
AMAZING THINGS I HAVE TO SAY
OREO&apos;S ONE OF MY FAVORITE
COOKIES.
&gt;&gt; VERY EXCITED FOR THAT ONE.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, JOYCE AND
WORK FOR YOUR INFORMATION.
FOLKS, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
VISIT A BLOG.
I DEFINITELY APPRECIATE ALL THE
EFFORTS ALL AND YOU OF YOUR
STAFF DO THERE SO THANK YOU.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
FOR JOYCE IN THE OUR RECENTRE
FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING AT THIS
TIME?
ALL RIGHTY.
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU
APPRECIATE.
OK, ALL RIGHT NEXT WE HAVE OUR
PARTNERS AND ACCESS AND
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT REPORT
WITH ALEX AND RACHEL.
GOOD AFTERNOON AGAIN EVERYBODY.
I&apos;M SURE RACHEL HAS SOME
UPDATES FOR BUT THE PARTNERS
AND ACCESS GROUP HAS NOT MET
RECENTLY AND SO WE DON&apos;T HAVE A
REPORT AT THIS TIME UNLESS YOU
ARE ABLE TO MEET WITH A COUPLE
OF FOLKS.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;M NOT SURE I KNOW IT WAS
JUST ME AND I FIGURED INSTEAD
OF TALKING TO MYSELF JUST
KEFALAS SO WELL WE&apos;LL PLAN TO
RESTART THOSE IN EARNEST IN
OCTOBER AND REGARDS TO OUR
WRINKLIES.
IF SO, THERE ARE THEY HAVE
THEIR NUMBER SEVENTY SHOW FROM
AUGUST OUT WITH ABLEIST WHICH
IS A VIRTUAL TOUR HOSTING SITE
THAT ALLOWS USERS VARIABILITIES
THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEE IT
EXPLORE PLACES PRIOR TO
VISITING THEM USING VIRTUAL
TOURS AND THEN THERE SEPTEMBER
THEIR SEPTEMBER AT OUR
RECLUSIVE WAS PHOTO WAS WITH
JESSICA KRIDER.
SHE&apos;S ONE OF THE GUESTS AND WAS
FOCUSED ON MENTAL HEALTH
CHALLENGES AND HOW THAT
INTERACTS WITH DISABILITY
SPECIFICALLY TALKING ABOUT
GENERALIZED ANXIETY DISORDER
AND BOTH OF THOSE SHOWS ARE NOW
AVAILABLE ON YOUTUBE.
THE NEXT SHOW IS STILL TO BE
DETERMINED.
SO WE WILL ANNOUNCE THAT WHEN
WE HAVE MORE INFORMATION.
&gt;&gt; WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU, RACHEL AND THANK YOU
TO HOST TOM HOGLAN AND PRODUCER
LINDA TELEVISION NETWORK OF ANN
ARBOR FOR ALL THE WORK THAT
THEY&apos;RE DOING THEY ARE VERY
INCLUSIVE AND BY THE WAY,
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR FLAGSHIP
PROGRAM WITH THE COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES IN ANN ARBOR
INCLUSIVE ON THEIR FILU AWARD.
THEY RECENTLY WON A FELLOW
AWARD THIS YEAR UNDER THE
PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY SO
CONGRATULATIONS TO THEM AND THE
WORK THEY&apos;VE DONE.
AWESOME JOB.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE RECRUITING
ACTIVITY WITH LARRY KEELER.
&gt;&gt; THAT WOULD BE ME.
SO THIS SUMMER REACHED OUT TO A
COUPLE OF PEOPLE I HEARD BACK
FROM ONE AND WE GOT MAKE
CONTACT AGAIN TOMORROW.
MY LIFE HAS BEEN BUSY THE LAST
COUPLE WEEKS WITH MY WIFE IN
THE HOSPITAL FEELING ALL KINDS
OF TIME TO BORROW RESULT AND WE
CONTACT THAT CONTACT THAT GOT
HOLD OF US AND THROUGH THE
SUMMER WE&apos;VE HAD A COUPLE
OF MEETINGS AND I AND I THINK
RACHEL&apos;S IN THERE.
WE HAD A COUPLE OF MEETINGS AND
WE&apos;RE DISCUSSING RECRUITING
STRATEGIES AND AND VARIOUS
THINGS FOR RECRUITING AND
THAT&apos;S GOING TO COME UP LATER
ON ON THE AGENDA I&apos;M SURE.
SO WE&apos;LL WAIT FOR THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK LARRY AND I&apos;M SO SORRY TO
HEAR ABOUT THE NEWS PERSONAL
NEWS FOR YOU BUT DEFINITELY
SEND YOU GOOD VIBES.
ABSOLUTELY.
NEXT WE&apos;RE ACTUALLY GOING TO
KEEP IT WITH YOU, BARRY, FOR
NOW.
&gt;&gt; OH, WE&apos;RE GOING TO KEEP WITH
ME.
YEAH.
YEP.
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
MEETING.
WELL, THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION THEY MET LAST
THEY&apos;VE BEEN MEETING EVERY
MONTH FOR THE LAST I TOOK THE
NOTES FOR THE SEVENTEENTH
OF LAST MONTH BECAUSE I FIGURED
EVERYTHING WOULD COME OUT AND I
I&apos;M AWARE THAT WE ALSO HAVE
NOTES ATTACHED THE AGENDA AND
WE HAD SOME OF THE THINGS THAT
WERE TALKED ABOUT IN THE
MEETING THOUGH WERE THEY&apos;RE
BATTLING RIGHT NOW AND THEY&apos;RE
TRYING TO BAND RIGHT HAND TURNS
DOWNTOWN AND THEY&apos;RE TRYING TO
DO THAT FOR BIKE SAFETY AND
PEOPLE&apos;S SAFETY AND THEY&apos;RE
TRYING TO THEY&apos;RE ALSO THEY
ALSO WANT TO SLOW DOWN THE
TRAFFIC GOING THROUGH DOWNTOWN
AND THEY WANT TO STOP IT FROM
CUTTING OUT INTO OTHER
NEIGHBORHOODS KNOW USING THE
OTHER NEIGHBORHOODS TO CUT
THROUGH AND APPARENTLY THEY&apos;RE
GOING TO TRY TO TAKE INTO
ACCOUNT FOR THE THEY&apos;RE GOING
TO TRY TO TAKE 80 INTO ACCOUNT
AS FAR AS YOU KNOW WHERE THE
TUNNELS ARE AND WHERE THEY CAN
DROP OFF AND APPARENTLY THE THE
REST THE RESOLUTION I&apos;M NOT
SURE IF IT PASSED OR NOT BUT IT
WAS GOING TO PASS AND GO TO
COUNCIL SO I DON&apos;T KNOW IF
COUNCIL&apos;S GOT THAT OR NOT.
AND THERE YOU KNOW, I READ THE
TRAFFIC COMING RIGHT IN THERE,
THE TRAFFIC COMING.
IT&apos;S THE IDEA OF TRYING TO SLOW
THE TRAFFIC DOWN AND AND REDUCE
THE SPEED THROUGH TRAFFIC TO
ENCOURAGE TO MAKE IT SAFE FOR
PEOPLE TO GO THROUGH AND THAT
I&apos;VE GOT THAT THE CITY&apos;S GOT
SOME FEDERAL MONEY AND THEY&apos;RE
GOING TO WORK ON THAT FOR WITH
THEIR SAFETY PLAN AND I ASKED
THEM FOR WORK AND IT WAS VISION
ZERO AND AND MAKE
STREETS SAFE
AND PATHS THAT WITH CONNECTOR&apos;S
IF THE GRANT PASSES IT WILL
ALSO INCLUDE APC&apos;S FOR
CROSSWALKS AND SIDEWALK
CONSTRUCTION AND THEY ALSO
TALKED ABOUT THE CURB THEIR
CURB PROJECTS.
I WON&apos;T GO THERE BECAUSE WE HAD
A PRESENTATION THERE AND THAT
COVERED ALL THAT NEEDED TO BE
COVERED THERE.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
KIND OF GO AHEAD AND THE THE
THING IS THERE ARE SOME SOME
OF THE CONSTRUCTION IS STILL
GOING ON AND PLACES LIKE PACARD
AND CARPENTER AND THAT&apos;S A
LITTLE SLOW BUT APPARENTLY THE
CONSTRUCTION THE CONSTRUCTION
ON HERE ON PARKWAY IN DIVISION
IS PRETTY MUCH ON TIME AND
THAT&apos;S ABOUT IT.
&gt;&gt; ANYTHING ELSE WILL BE IN THE
NOTES.
I WAS JUST GOING TO SAY THAT
VERY YOU COVERED QUITE A BIT.
I WILL TAKE BETTER I WILL TAKE
MORE CONCISE NOTES THAT I WAS
HAVING AN ISSUE BUT YEAH IT
WORKED OUT GOOD.
I&apos;LL BE TAKING SOME NOTES.
OH INCIDENTALLY THE THE NEXT
MEETING IS TONIGHT AT SEVEN.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU SO MUCH LARRY
AGAIN FOR THAT VERY DETAILED
REPORT AND AS LARRY MENTIONED
ALL THE OTHER INFORMATION IS
LOCATED WITHIN THE AGENDA.
I&apos;M MOVING DOWN.
WE HAVE THE TWO OF THEM COUNCIL
FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS WITH
KATHLEEN.
HELLO EVERYONE.
SO THE COUNCIL MET THREE TIMES
SINCE WE HAVE AND WE DIDN&apos;T SO
GO AHEAD AND GIVE YOU A QUICK
REPORT.
IT WAS EACH MEETING WAS HYPER
FOCUSED ON PRETTY MUCH THE SAME
ISSUE.
SO IN JULY WE HAD THE
ACCOUNTABILITY DISABILITY TEAM
WITH CELGENE AND KIRK MURMURS
THEY TALKED ABOUT ELECTRONIC
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND
ACCESSIBILITY THAT TOOK UP THE
ENTIRE MEETING IN AUGUST WE HAD
COLLEEN VAN LENTE.
WE SPOKE ABOUT THE SSD AND THE
FORMS AND ACCOMMODATION&apos;S
INSTRUCTIONS FOR THOSE AND SHE
FOCUSED IN ON TESTING A
COMBINATION AS WELL WHICH LED
TO OUR SEPTEMBER MEETING.
OUR GUESTS WERE ALLEN
SHEFFIELD, MARY SPAIN AND
RACHEL ZAHAV AND THEY PRESENT
THEIR PRESENTATION FOCUSED ON
ACADEMIC SUPPORT FOR STUDENTS
WITH DISABILITIES AS WELL AS
TESTING ACCOMMODATIONS AND ALL
OF THESE WERE ATTACHED TO OUR
AGENDA.
THERE&apos;S A LOT OF REALLY GOOD
INFORMATION AND THERE MORE
INFORMATION THAT I WOULD BE
ABLE TO SHARE TODAY.
SO IF YOU HAVE AN INTEREST IN
ANY OF THOSE THINGS, I HIGHLY
RECOMMEND YOU CHECK IT OUT AND
THAT&apos;S PRETTY MUCH THE FOCUS
OF ALL THE MEETINGS SO FAR.
THE NEXT MEETING IS
OCTOBER LIVE OCTOBER 11TH ON
TUESDAY AND IT WILL BE THE
ZOOME AND THEY TAKE PLACE AT
NOON.
THANK YOU SO MUCH KATHLEEN.
AND YOU KNOW AGAIN AS I SAY
QUITE OFTEN THANK YOU TO THE
TWO OF THEM COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS FOR ALL
THAT THEY DO NOT JUST FOR THE
UNIVERSITY CAMPUS BUT FOR THE
COMMUNITY AT LARGE.
&gt;&gt; NEXT I&apos;D LIKE TO MOVE DOWN
AND SAY OH, I&apos;M FOLLOW UP WITH
ELLEN.
&gt;&gt; KATHLEEN, CAN YOU REPEAT
AGAIN HOW TO ACCESS THAT MORE
DETAILED INFORMATION AND ALSO
WHEN THE REGULARLY SCHEDULED
MEETINGS OCCUR?
&gt;&gt; SO DENISE IS GOING TO LOOK
INTO THE ACCESS ISSUES THAT I
WAS HAVING WITH THE ANN ARBOR
PAGE.
BUT ALL OF THE ALL THE NOTES
WERE SENT TO DENISE AND POSTED
ON THE WEBSITE AND THERE ARE
LINKS IN ALL OF THOSE.
SO WHEN YOU CLICK ON THE JUNE
MEETING IT WILL HAVE A DETAILED
LIST OF WHAT HAPPENED DURING
THE JUNE MEETINGS AND IF THERE
WERE ANY LINKS THAT NEED IT FOR
LIKE EZGI OR TASSI, WHICH IS
THE TESTING ACCOMMODATION
CENTER.
ALL OF THAT WILL BE IN EACH
INDIVIDUAL SET.
SO HOPEFULLY WE&apos;LL GET THAT
FIGURED OUT.
YOU CAN CHECK IT OUT THERE IF
WE&apos;RE NOT ABLE TO DO THAT MATH,
YOU CAN CONTACT ME AND I CAN
EMAIL THEM TO YOU DIRECTLY IF
YOU WISH.
&gt;&gt; LET&apos;S TRY AND SEE WHAT WE
CAN GET THE FIRST ONE THE
MEETINGS TAKE PLACE ON ZOOME
WHAT WHAT IS THE APPOINTED DAY
IN A TIME?
&gt;&gt; IT&apos;S THE SECOND TUESDAY
OF EVERY MONTH.
IT&apos;S AT NOON AND I BELIEVE IF
YOU GO TO THE CFTC WEBSITE IS
THAT IS WHERE YOU WILL BE ABLE
TO GET THE CONNECTION FOR ZOOM
SECOND TUESDAY OF EVERY MONTH
CFTC THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
&gt;&gt; APPRECIATE IT.
NO WORRIES.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER QUICK COMMENTS FOR
COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ AT THIS
TIME.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING I&apos;D LIKE TO GO TO THE
CITY PERSONNEL REPORT WITH
DENISE INACTINE, OUR PERSONNEL
UPDATE TRACI ANDERSEN
ENGINEERING CIVIL ENGINEER IS
WELCOMING LEON BELCONNEN, 15TH
DISTRICT COURT BAILIFF KARIG
BROWN JUNIOR BUILDING AND
RENTAL SERVICES DEVELOPMENT
SERVICE INSPECTOR CHRISTOPHER
SAFI&apos;S ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT
ASSISTANT HYUN-CHUL TAKUMA
DOWNTOWN DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
ACCOUNTING AND PROCUREMENT
STEVE CUMMINGS WATER TREATMENT
SERVICES ENVIRONMENTAL LAB
ANALYSIS TRAVIS KAPNER PUBLIC
WORKS TECHNICIAN MADELINE
KRAMER FINANCE AND
ADMINISTRATOR OF SERVICES
PUBLIC SERVICE ADMINISTRATOR
ADMINISTER CREATIVE ASSISTANT
DAVID MURRAY PUBLIC SERVICE
ADMINISTRATION FINANCE AND
ANALYSIS ALL NEW STAFF TO ANN
ARBOR AND I RETIRED AND
FAREWELL TO DENHA.
I&apos;M A RETIRED FIRE INSPECTOR
STEVEN DI SENIOR POLICE OFFICER
AND CHRISTINE SCHAPIRA
SUSTAINABILITY AND INNOVATION
MANAGEMENT ASSISTANT.
WELL THANK YOU FOR THAT REPORT.
WELCOME TO ALL THE NEW STAFF
AND ALL THOSE WHO ARE RETIRING.
CONGRATULATIONS.
&gt;&gt; WE WISH THEM ALL THE BEST IN
THEIR TWILIGHT.
ABSOLUTELY.
NEXT WE HAVE THE CHAIR REPORT
SO WHEN I HAVE TO REPORT
BASICALLY FOR THIS COMING MONTH
AND I&apos;LL TOUCH ON THIS A LITTLE
BIT LATER DOWN IN THE AGENDA
BUT YOU KNOW, I&apos;D REALLY LIKE
TO JUST LET YOU GUYS KNOW THAT
I&apos;M OPEN TO, YOU KNOW, ANY
DIFFERENT TYPES OF SUGGESTIONS
GOING INTO THE FALL.
BUT I WILL DISCUSS THIS A
LITTLE BIT MORE.
BUT AS LARRY TOUCHED ON IN
RECRUITING HE AND I AS WELL AS
OUR COUNCILWOMAN ELIZABETH
NELSON, WE DID DISCUSS FORMING
A RECRUITMENT COMMITTEE SO THAT
THE RECRUITMENT ASPECTS OF JUST
INTERVIEWING CANDIDATES AND
LOOKING AT THE INDIVIDUALS THAT
ARE APPLYING DOESN&apos;T FALL ALL
ON THE SHOULDERS OF LARRY.
SO HOPEFULLY THAT CAN BE
SOMETHING THAT ONE BROUGHT UP
HERE IN A FEW MOMENTS.
ALL OF US MADE AN AGREEMENT
THAT KIND OF FORMING A
RECRUITMENT COMMITTEE CAN BE
SOMETHING THAT CAN BE DONE AND
WE CAN ALSO AGREE TO KIND
OF MEET AND REVIEW THOSE
APPLICATIONS AND THEN CONDUCT
BRIEF INTERVIEWS WITH THOSE
CANDIDATES BEFORE INCLUDING
THEM ON THE COMMISSION NEXT.
I JUST WANTED TO POINT OUT THAT
I DO APPRECIATE ALL THE
COMMISSIONERS ATTENDANCE AND
SUPPORT I DO I WOULD LIKE TO
STRESS AGAIN THAT ALL THE
ALTHOUGH DO THINGS COME UP AND
WE KNOW THAT THIS IS A CIVIL
SERVANT POSITION AND VOLUNTEER
IT IS PARAMOUNT THAT
COMMISSIONERS THAT DO HOLD THE
SEAT YOU KNOW, IF THEY CANNOT
MAKE IT OR THEY ARE MISSING
MEETINGS FOR SOME REASON THAT
THEY LET MYSELF IN OR DENISE
KNOW BECAUSE OF COURSE WITHOUT
HAVING A QUORUM IT IS DIFFICULT
FOR US TO AS A COMMISSION VOTE
ON THE THINGS THAT WE NEED TO
TO BE ABLE TO GET OUR WORK
DONE.
SO I DO STRESS FOR ANY OF THOSE
COMMISSIONERS THAT ARE HAVING
ISSUES JUST KIND OF HAVING
REGULAR ATTENDANCE OR YOU KNOW,
FULFILLING OUR DUTY AS A
COMMISSIONER WHEN THEY WERE
SWORN IN.
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO REACH OUT
TO MYSELF AND THE NIECE AND WE
CAN DISCUSS THOSE CHALLENGES
THAT YOU&apos;RE FACING THAT&apos;S ALL I
HAVE FOR THE CHAIR REPORTED
THIS TIME AND THANK YOU ALL FOR
LISTENING.
NEXT I&apos;D LIKE TO MOVE ON TO
DISCUSS SOME OLD BUSINESS.
SO THE FIRST POINT OF ALL
BUSINESS I TRIED TO INCLUDE ALL
THE COMMISSIONERS THAT WERE
INVOLVED IN THIS CONVERSATION
DURING THE SUMMER AND A FEW
MONTHS BACK OF COURSE OTHER
COMMISSIONERS WERE INVOLVED IN
THIS AS WELL AND WE THOUGHT IT
WAS PARAMOUNT THAT WE LOBBIED
TO GET A CITY ADA COORDINATOR
POSITION WITH THE CITY.
I AM VERY GLAD TO REPORT THAT
THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR THE HONI
HAS ALSO AGREED TO THIS POINT.
WE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF MOVING
FORWARD WITH THAT DECISION.
THERE&apos;S A NEW DIVERSITY EQUITY
AND INCLUSION POSITION THAT HAS
BEEN HIRED AND THAT PERSON WILL
THEN OVERSEE THIS NEW POSITION
OF A.D.A COORDINATOR THAT NEW
DIVERSITY EQUITY AND INCLUSION
INDIVIDUAL WHO HAS BEEN HIRED
WILL BE IN CONTACT WITH THE
COMMISSION TO SORT OF HELP US
MOVE THIS FORWARD.
SO I&apos;M VERY EXCITED TO ANNOUNCE
THAT THEY HAVE AGREED
TO ADD
THIS POSITION AND THAT THEY
WILL MOVE FORWARD WITH THE NEW
OFFICER DIVERSITY EQUITY AND
INCLUSION IN ANN ARBOR TO HELP
OVERSEE THIS PROCESS AS WELL AS
THE HIRING PROCESS FOR A CITY
ADA COORDINATOR.
AS SOON AS MORE INFORMATION IS
COMMUNICATED TO ME ON THAT, I
WILL ALSO FILL ALL OF YOU IN ON
THAT AND I&apos;D LIKE TO GIVE KUDOS
TO YOU, COUNCILWOMAN NELSON AS
WELL AS THE OTHER COMMISSIONERS
INVOLVED FOR YOUR HELP IN THIS
AND YOUR SUPPORT IN THIS.
AND I CONSIDER THIS A HUGE
VICTORY.
&gt;&gt; SO THANK YOU TO ALL OF YOU
MOVING FORWARD.
I DID TOUCH ON IT A LITTLE BIT
IN THE GAO REPORT BUT JUST WANT
TO TOUCH ON IT AGAIN AS FAR AS
MEETING ATTENDANCE GOES, YOU
GUYS, I JUST WANT TO STRESS
AGAIN SUPER IMPORTANT THAT IF
YOU CANNOT MAKE IT NO BIG DEAL
,PLEASE LET MYSELF KNOW IN
ORDER TO KNOW AHEAD OF TIME IF
YOU CANNOT AND I&apos;D LIKE TO
STRESS THAT OF COURSE EVEN
THOUGH THINGS DO COME UP
MEANING ATTENDANCE IS IMPORTANT
BECAUSE WITHOUT A QUORUM WE
CANNOT EVEN GET OUR AGENDA OR
MEANING MINUTES APPROVED AND
THINGS LIKE THAT.
SO IT DOES KIND OF HOLD UP OUR
DUE PROCESSES BY NOT HAVING A
QUORUM.
SO AGAIN, IF ANYONE IS HAVING
ANY ISSUES WITH ATTENDANCE AND
THEY THEY WANT TO SAY YOU KNOW
WHAT, I JUST AM HAVING AN ISSUE
I CANNOT MAKE MEETINGS
REGULARLY, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
BE OPEN AND LET US KNOW ABOUT
THAT KIND OF WARFARE HERE AND
WE CAN DISCUSS THAT AS WELL.
YOU KNOW, THIS IS A CIVIL
SERVANT POSITION THAT IS
VOLUNTEER.
SO WE DO UNDERSTAND THINGS COME
UP BUT IF IT&apos;S A REGULAR
OCCURRENCE, LET US KNOW AND
HOPEFULLY WE CAN ADDRESS THAT.
BUT IT IS IMPORTANT THAT WE
HAVE REGULAR ATTENDANCE.
LET&apos;S SEE NEW BUSINESS.
I DID TOUCH ON IT A LITTLE BIT
EARLIER IN THE CHAIR REPORT I&apos;D
LIKE TO BRING FORWARD CREATING
A RECRUITMENT COMMITTEE NOW
DISCUSSION OF THE RECRUITMENT
COMMITTEE AGAIN I&apos;D LIKE TO
STRESS THAT I DON&apos;T THINK THAT
THIS WOULD BE A HUGE COMMITMENT
FOR THOSE WILLING TO
PARTICIPATE IN THIS COMMITMENT
.
I THINK THAT THIS WOULD ENTAIL
I JUST REVIEWING THE
APPLICATIONS THAT COME IN AS
NEEDED AS RECRUITMENT COMES IN
AND THEN SCHEDULING A TIME TO
MEET WHETHER VIRTUALLY AND OR
IN PERSON TO KIND OF REVIEW
THESE APPLICATIONS, DISCUSS
THEM AND THEN BE ABLE TO PUT
THE BEST QUALIFIED CANDIDATE
FORWARD TO THE COMMISSION TO BE
VOTED ON AND ACCEPTED ONTO THE
COMMISSION.
I THINK THAT THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT YOU KNOW, IS NEEDED FOR
OUR RECRUITING TO KIND OF HELP
THINGS ALONG.
AND LARRY, BEING THE RECRUITING
SPECIALIST THAT YOU ARE, DO YOU
HAVE ANY ADDITIONAL COMMENTS ON
THIS?
HEY, I HAVE A COMMENT THAT GOES
INTO THIS COMMENT I WAS TRYING
TO A NEW EARLIER AND MY PHONE
DOES WEIRD THINGS AND SOMETIMES
THEY WON&apos;T LET ME ON MUTE BUT I
THINK THAT ONE ADDRESS
ADDRESSED TO YOUR PREVIOUS
ISSUE I WAS SOME OF THE MORE
OFTEN TO WHETHER THEY WANTED TO
BE PART OF A COMMISSION TO
ATTEND BOSTON.
BUT I DON&apos;T KNOW THAT THE
SECOND PART OF THAT SOME OF THE
A COUPLE OF PEOPLE THAT DO NOT
HAVE A TIME OR ABILITY TO BE ON
THE COMMISSION ANYMORE JUST TO
LET US KNOW IF YOU DON&apos;T WANT
TO AND THEN WE CAN FILL YOUR
SEAT WITH THAT PART IN THE
SECOND PART OF THIS IS OUR
CONGRESSIONAL USE THE HELP I
WOULD YOU KNOW THAT&apos;S FINE.
I&apos;LL BE GETTING OFF SOME
OF THESE THINGS TAKEN CARE
OF BECAUSE LIKE FOR EXAMPLE,
THE LAST COUPLE OF WEEKS I
REALLY THOUGHT ABOUT ALL THE
STUFF GOING ON BECAUSE I DON&apos;T
THINK IT&apos;S IMPORTANT TO HELP
WITH THAT.
&gt;&gt; OK, LARRY AND THANK YOU AND
I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW
YOU&apos;RE SOUNDING A LITTLE BIT
MUFFLED THERE SO I JUST TO
REITERATE, YOU KNOW, YES, THE
ATTENDANCE IS IMPORTANT AND IF
CURRENT COMMISSIONERS ON A
REGULAR BASIS ARE NOT ABLE TO
MEET TO JUST LET US KNOW SO
THAT WE CAN MOVE FORWARD AND
NOT GOING THOSE SEATS AND THEN
AS FAR AS YES, THE RECRUITMENT
COMMITTEE DOES WANT TO SEE FROM
ALL OF YOU ON THE COMMISSION
WHETHER WE THINK THAT FORMING A
RECRUITING COMMITTEE WOULD BE
SOMETHING THAT ALL OF US WOULD
AGREE TO AND IF WE DO, YOU
KNOW, IS THAT SOMETHING THAT WE
CAN VOTE ON TODAY OR SHOULD WE
TABLE THIS AND WAIT TO THE NEXT
MEETING?
&gt;&gt; KATHLEEN, YOU HAVE A
QUESTION.
I DO.
I&apos;M WONDERING IN OUR
RECRUITMENT PROCESS WE&apos;VE
THOUGHT ABOUT USING SOCIAL
MEDIA, TWITTER, FACEBOOK, THAT
SORT OF THING TO GET A BROADER
AUDIENCE.
I HAVE TO CONFESS THAT I DIDN&apos;T
EVEN WHEN I WAS I LIVED IN THE
CITY FOR ABOUT SIX YEARS.
I DIDN&apos;T KNOW THAT SUCH A
COMMISSION EXISTED UNTIL I WAS
HAVING ACCESS ISSUES AND
SOMEBODY DIRECTED ME TO THE
COMMISSION AND SO MAY NOT BE ON
PEOPLE&apos;S RADARS AND I JUST
THINK THAT WE NEED TO BE
BROADER WITH OUR WITH OUR
RECRUITING.
&gt;&gt; I COMPLETELY AGREE WITH YOU
AND ON THAT POINT WE HAVE
DISCUSSED THAT JUST A LITTLE
AND I THINK APPROACHING THE
CITY COMMUNICATIONS IS ABOUT
CREATING AN INSTAGRAM A
FACEBOOK ACCOUNT AND OR A
TWITTER FOR THE COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES.
I THINK IS DEFINITELY WITHIN
THEIR WHEELHOUSE TO DO.
I DON&apos;T THINK IT&apos;S NECESSARILY
OUR RESPONSIBILITY AS
COMMISSIONERS TO TO TO FORM
THAT I THINK IT&apos;S ON YOU KNOW,
IT&apos;S A CITY ENTITY AND I THINK,
YOU KNOW, IF WE PRESENT IT TO
THE CITY IN A KIND WAY THAT WE
NEED ASSISTANCE WITH MARKETING
THAT HOPEFULLY THEY&apos;LL BE ABLE
TO TO HELP US WITH THAT.
I AGREE WITH YOU.
I THINK HAVING A FACEBOOK PAGE
THAT HAS A WEEKLY POST ABOUT
THINGS THAT WHAT WE&apos;RE DOING I
THINK HAVING AN INSTAGRAM THAT
ALSO HAS THE SAME AND I THINK
ALSO MAYBE POSSIBLY HAVING A
TWITTER WITH HASHTAG KODAI
COULD BE BENEFICIAL AS WELL AND
HELPING GET THE WORD OUT
ESPECIALLY WHEN WE&apos;RE
RECRUITING.
SO I&apos;M HOPING THAT THE CITY
MARKETING AND COMMUNICATIONS
AFFILIATES WITHIN THE CITY CAN
BE OPEN TO HELPING US WITH THAT
AND YEAH, WE&apos;LL DEFINITELY BE
APPROACHING THEM AND I WILL
DEFINITELY LET YOU KNOW WHAT
THEY SAY.
SO GREAT POINT CARPOINT
ABSOLUTELY.
SO I WANTED TO ASK THE
COMMISSION, YOU KNOW, HOW DO WE
ALL FEEL ABOUT, YOU KNOW,
CREATING RECRUITING COMMITTEE?
IS THIS SOMETHING THAT, YOU
KNOW, WE WANT TO VOTE ON TO
SORT OF CREATE OR DO WE WANT TO
JUST HAVE INDIVIDUALS YOU
CONTACT MYSELF AND LARRY IF
THEY&apos;RE INTERESTED IN JOINING
US COMMITTEE AND THEN STILL
HAVE LARRY REPORT ON RECRUITING
ACTIVITY, WHAT DO YOU ALL THINK
OF SORT OF THE BEST METHOD
SHOULD WE HAVE RECRUITING BE A
COMMITTEE OR I JUST HAVE LARRY
CONTINUE TO REPORT BUT THEN
HAVE THOSE INDIVIDUALS MEET
WITH THEM.
ANY FEEDBACK ON THIS?
I&apos;M HAVING TROUBLE RAISING MY
HAND BUT I WOULD MOVE THAT WE
CREATE AN OFFICIAL COMMITTEE
AND WE COULD MEET ONCE A MONTH
OR SUCH A THING AND AND GO OVER
ANY RECRUITING PROSPECTS.
OK, YEAH I MEAN I I PERSONALLY
YOU KNOW MY OPINION OF THAT I
THINK THAT THAT&apos;S BENEFICIAL.
UM YEAH.
WHAT DO YOU DO ALL OF YOU ON A
COMMISSION TO ALL OF YOU AGREE
WITH THAT.
&gt;&gt; SO THAT&apos;S A MOTION AND
THAT&apos;S A MOTION AND I WOULD
SECOND AND SO WE COULD DISCUSS
MY SECOND IF WE WANT.
&gt;&gt; YES.
THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; SO I&apos;D YOU KNOW I&apos;LL MAKE
THE MOST DISCUSSION TIME I&apos;M
LARRY.
&gt;&gt; GO AHEAD.
I SAID NOW AS I JUST SAID NOW
IT&apos;S DISCUSSION TIME.
GOOD.
&gt;&gt; SO YOU KNOW WHEN YOU MAKE
THE MOTION THEN YOU SECOND IT
AND PUT IT UP FOR DISCUSSION.
&gt;&gt; YES, THERE&apos;S A BIT
OF TALKING OVER SO IT GETS
CONFUSED.
I DO APOLOGIZE.
SORRY NO PROBLEM.
SO YEAH, I THINK THAT&apos;S FINE.
I THINK THAT WE CAN HAVE A
COMMITTEE SO ARE ALL IN FAVOR
OF CREATING A RECRUITING
COMMITTEE IF YOU CAN ON MUTE
AND SAY I I I AM OK AND FOR
THOSE OF YOU THAT ARE
INTERESTED IN JOINING THIS
RECRUITING COMMITTEE IF YOU
COULD PLEASE JUST EMAIL LARRY
AND I AND ASK DENISE IF YOU&apos;D
LIKE ON WHO IS INTERESTED IN
JOINING THAT AND THEN WE CAN GO
ABOUT PLANNING THOSE MEETINGS
ON WHEN THOSE WILL BE ONCE A
MONTH SO THAT WE CAN GET THAT
SCHEDULED.
BUT THANK YOU ALL FOR BEING
HERE.
I DEFINITELY APPRECIATE IT AND
THANK YOU, LARRY, FOR BEING THE
LEAD ON THAT.
&gt;&gt; ABSOLUTELY.
ONE MORE THING I WOULD SUGGEST
THAT WE I WOULD SUGGEST THAT IN
OUR MEETINGS THAT WE GO OVER
APPLICANTS THAT COME IN, WE GO
OVERPROCESSED, YOU KNOW, HOW
ARE WE GOING TO DO THIS?
HOW ARE WE GOING TO WHAT ARE WE
GOING TO DO FOR THE INTERVIEW
KNOW HOW IS THE INTERVIEW GOING
TO GO, HOW WE&apos;RE GOING TO
DECIDE WHO WE WANT AND THAT
KIND OF THING THAT&apos;S
THAT&apos;S ALL
GOING TO BE TAKEN CARE OF IN
THE COMMITTEE.
THAT&apos;S SOME OF THE KIND
OF GOING TO BE OUR COMMITTEE
BUSINESS.
&gt;&gt; I THINK ALL OF THAT CAN BE
DISCUSSED AT THE FIRST MEETING
IN TERMS OF WHAT THE DUTIES
ARE, HOW WE HANDLE THOSE
PARTICULAR PROCESSES AND YES,
HOW THAT GOES FORWARD JUST
IMAGINING IT SO THAT ANYBODY
WHO WANTS TO JOIN WITH ME WILL
KNOW WHAT THEY&apos;RE GOING TO
DISCUSS THE FIRST TWO MEETINGS.
&gt;&gt; OK, ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
ALL RIGHT.
AND OF COURSE YOU DID ANYTHING
ELSE ON THE RECRUITING
COMMITTEE AT THIS TIME.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
SO NEXT I JUST WANTED TO
MENTION THE COMMUNICATIONS.
I WANT TO LET YOU GUYS KNOW
THAT FROM NOW ON THE COMMISSION
ON DISABILITY ISSUES CALENDAR
WILL BE NOTED IN THE AGENDA SO
THAT ALL OF YOU CAN HAVE ACCESS
TO THAT.
IF FOR SOME REASON THAT LINK
DOES NOT WORK, PLEASE LET US
KNOW.
BUT I THINK IT&apos;S DEFINITELY
HELPFUL TO HAVE THAT WE WERE
ALL ABLE TO KEEP TRACK OF OUR
MEETINGS AND OF COURSE OUR NEXT
MEETING FOLKS IS GOING TO BE
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 19TH AND SO
WE&apos;LL ALL SEE THERE ON ZOM AND
AGAIN WE LOOK FORWARD TO
DISCUSSING ALL THE AGENDA ITEMS
AND CONTINUING OUR WORK GOING
FORWARD BEFORE WE ADJOURN.
IS THERE ANY ADDITIONAL
ANNOUNCEMENTS OR ANY NEW
BUSINESS ANYONE WANTS TO
DISCUSS?
I DID FORGET IN MY REPORT TO
MENTION THAT ATF CAN START
THEIR FIVE YEAR PLAN PLAN NOW
WITH THE MILLARD&apos;S PASSED
MILLET&apos;S GETTING READY TO PASS,
THEY&apos;RE GETTING READY TO START
THEIR FIVE YEAR PLAN AS PART
OF MY TRANSPORTATION REPORT TO
OK, THANK YOU LARRY.
&gt;&gt; WE&apos;LL PUT THAT IN THE NOTES.
THANK YOU, ELIZABETH.
YOU YEAH I JUST WANTED TO SAY I
HAVE AN UPDATE FROM COUNCIL
ACTUALLY WE WE HAD AN AGENDA
ITEM THAT WILL CHANGE THE
POLICY IS MOVING FORWARD AROUND
ME ASKING AT CITY COUNCIL
MEETINGS.
I DON&apos;T I DON&apos;T KNOW THAT RYAN
STANDS IN AN ARTICLE ABOUT YET
BUT OUR POLICY HAS BEEN TO WE
ARE JUST HAD A MASK REQUIREMENT
FOR CITY COUNCIL MEETINGS AND
WE HAVE A NEW POLICY THAT I
VOTED AGAINST.
WE&apos;RE GOING TO FOLLOW THE CDC
GUIDELINES AND THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR TO BE GIVEN
DISCRETION TO ADJUST THE
POLICIES AS HE SEES FIT THE
STAFF AT CITY HALL ARE
FOLLOWING CDC GUIDELINES SO WE
HAVE OTHER PARTS OF THE
BUILDING WHERE STAFF THROUGH
FRIDAY ARE MASKING OR NOT
MASKING BASED ON WHETHER OR
IT&apos;S MASKING IS OPTIONAL
DEPENDING ON WHETHER THE
COMMUNITY IN TRANSMISSION RATES
ARE HIGH OR MEDIUM.
I ACTUALLY WAS I WONDERED IF
ANYBODY IN THIS ROOM WAS AWARE
OF A WEBSITE.
IT&apos;S LIKE WHAT IS IT CALLED
COVID ACT NOW.
I MEAN MY HUSBAND SITTING NEXT
TO ME I SHARED IT WITH HIM MY
WORKPLACE IS IT IS HOW IS A
CHURCH THAT WE POST THE COVID
THE INFECTION RATES ARE LIKE
THE THE REGULAR THING LIKE HIGH
MEDIUM LOW ON THE DOOR AND THE
MASKING POLICY IS THAT IN THE
BUILDING FLUCTUATE DEPENDING
THE STATE OF OF THINGS ON MY
SCHOOL IS MASKING REQUIRED
WE&apos;RE NOT FLUCTUATING BUT AT
ANY RATE OUR CITY COUNCIL
MEETINGS ARE NOW GOING TO HAVE
A FLUCTUATING STANDARD.
THERE&apos;S THIS THERE&apos;S THIS NEW
WEBSITE THAT IS PURPORTING TO
HAVE COVERED RATES MEASURED DAY
BY DAY AS OPPOSED TO THE WEEKLY
NOTICE OF WASHTENAW COUNTY AND
I DON&apos;T KNOW AT ANY RATE I
THAT&apos;S SOMETHING THAT&apos;S
HAPPENING NOW AT CITY HALL.
THANK YOU, COUNCILWOMAN, FOR
THAT INFORMATION.
YOU KNOW, THAT&apos;S DEFINITELY
INTERESTING NEWS TO NOTE.
I&apos;D BE GLAD TO KNOW WHAT WHAT
THE SOURCE IS THE BEST TO KNOW
KIND OF .
BUT YOU KNOW WHERE CAUVIN
STANDS IN THE COMMUNITY AT THIS
POINT AND KIND OF WHAT THE BEST
RESOURCE IS SEEMS LIKE THERE&apos;S
A LOT OUT THERE AND IT&apos;S KIND
OF UNCLEAR TO TO WHAT IS IS
IT&apos;S THE BEST SOURCE.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THAT
INFORMATION AND MY POLICIES
WHEN IN DOUBT PULL IT OUT TO
MASK ANY TIME I&apos;M IN DOUBT I
PULL IT OUT OK?
&gt;&gt; IT WAS A MIXED LOAD.
I MEAN THERE WERE SEVERAL OF US
WHO SAID WHY WHY WOULD YOU EVEN
CHANGE THEM ASKING POLICY IN
THE COMMUNITY THE COMMUNITY
TRANSMISSION RATE IS HIGH.
WELL THAT WAS MY ARGUMENT AND
WE DON&apos;T HAVE A LOT OF THE
THINGS THAT THE CDC HAS BEEN
MOTIVATED BY A LOT OF FACTORS
TO CHANGE THE MASKING RULES AND
REQUIREMENTS AND WE DON&apos;T HAVE
THOSE SAME KIND OF INCENTIVES.
WE&apos;RE NOT LIKE ATTRACTING
BUSINESS OR DO WE DON&apos;T HAVE
STAFFING ISSUES WHERE WE HAVE
TO CHANGE.
I AT LEAST IN THE CONTEXT
OF OUR MEETINGS I SHOULD SAY IN
THE CONTEXT OF OUR CITY COUNCIL
MEETINGS WE CAN SET WHATEVER
STANDARD MAKES COMMUNITY
MEMBERS FEEL MOST COMFORTABLE
JOINING OUR MEETINGS AND
VISITING OUR MEETINGS SO THANK
YOU.
THANK YOU COUNCILMAN.
I DO APPRECIATE IT AND THANK
YOU ALL COMMISSIONERS FOR YOUR
TIME.
I KNOW WE DID GO A LITTLE BIT
OVER FIVE O&apos;CLOCK SO AT FIVE
TWENTY EIGHT I&apos;D LIKE TO
ADJOURN OUR MEETING AT THIS
TIME IF ANYONE HAS ANY
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PLEASE
FEEL FREE TO REACH OUT TO
MYSELF MY AND OR THE NIECE AND
I WILL MAKE SURE TO ADDRESS
THAT I WOULD LIKE TO THANK THE
CITY OF ANN ARBOR FOR THEIR
SUPPORT.
I&apos;D LIKE TO THANK THE COMMUNITY
TELEVISION NETWORK TODAY ANN
ARBOR FOR AIRING OUR MEETINGS
AND I&apos;D LIKE TO THANK OF COURSE
ALL OF YOU THE RESIDENTS OF OUR
GREAT CITY FOR CONTINUING TO
SUPPORT US AND HELP US MAKE IN
OUR VERY INCLUSIVE AND
ACCESSIBLE FOR ALL.
THANK YOU ALL COMMISSIONERS FOR
YOUR COMMITMENT.
IT REALLY DOES MAKE A
DIFFERENCE.
I APPRECIATE YOU ALL AND WE&apos;LL
SEE YOU ON